{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12 I am feeling ok                                                                                                                                      I'm glad that you're feeling okay.\par
Not after that experience  yesterday                                                                                           What did you experience yesterday?\par
My YouTube channel is so popular                                                                                                            I am happy about your YouTube channel!\par
I have to go get an MRI to see if there's anything to worry about                                                                                   I am sorry you have to go get an MRI!\par
I was fired from my work place                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear that you got fired!\par
I was so brokenhearted when my boyfriend broke up with me last week                                                                                   I am sad your boyfriend broke up with you!\par
My sister just called and yelled at me and said I was a disappointment out of nowhere                                                                                   I am sorry your sister called and yelled at you!\par
I found $ 100 in a dresser drawer                                                                                                         I am happy you found $ 100!\par
My neighbor shoveled my driveway for me                                                                                          I am glad your neighbor shoveled the driveway!\par
My pizza was burnt when it arrived                                                                                                       I am sorry your pizza was burnt!\par
James just told me he loved me for the first time                                                                                   I am glad for you both!\par
I made it home in time to watch the Superbowl                                                                                   I am happy you watched the Superbowl!\par
I don't think I can afford to go on vacation this year                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you don't think you can afford to go on vacation!\par
I plan to retire very early and enjoy life                                                                                                  I am glad about your retirement plans!\par
Sometimes I just don't know where he's gone off and hid at                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you don\'01 t know where hes hiding sometimes!\par
I completed my jigsaw puzzle first and won                                                                                         I am glad to hear that you won!\par
I was penaiized for not making the goal at work this week                                                                                   I am sad you were penalized at work!\par
The space bar on my keyboard broke                                                                                                     I am sorry your keyboard broke!\par
I have a coupon that entitles me to an extra entree                                                                                   I am happy you had a coupon!\par
No one told me there was toilet paper stuck to my shoe                                                                                   I am sorry to hear no one told you!\par
The police raided the house down the block\'01 and now there is yellow tape everywhere                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the tape!\par
My girlfriend kicked me in her sleep all night                                                                                       I am sad that your girlfriend kicked you in her sleep!\par
My girlfriend decided that things were no longer working between us and so she broke up with me                                                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear that your girlfriend broke up with you!\par
Our car slipped on the ice and crashed down a creekbed and I thought we would freeze to death                                                                                                                                                             I am sorry am so sorry you crashed!\par
My skirt got a ketchup stain on it but I was able to remove it                                                                                   I am glad the stain came out of your skirt!\par
I had a great time at the neighborhood block party                                                                                   I am glad you had great time at clock party!\par
I saw my friend on the street today and we had a great chat                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your friend!\par
He wouldn't let me see my children any more                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you can't see your children!\par
I should be more careful next time                                                                                                         I am sad you have to be careful!\par
My best friend moved away                                                                                                                     I am sad about your friend moving!\par
The chicken was recalled                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about the chicken!\par
I'm really looking forward to the BBQ next week                                                                                   I am glad about the BBQ!\par
My home brew beer came out sour                                                                                                          i am sorry i hate that it was sour!\par
My mom called and my dad has been doing a lot better\'01 apparently                                                                                   I am glad your dad is doing a lot better!\par
While moving to a new town\'01 some of my belongings got destroyed                                                                                   I am sorry some of your belongings got destroyed in the move!\par
I ran out of gas on the way to work                                                                                                             I am sorry you ran out of gas!\par
My sunroof is fixed so we can finally use it                                                                                                      I am happy that your sunroof is fixed!\par
I did end up getting that promotion and I could not be happier                                                                                   I am glad you did end up getting that promotion!\par
He is never going to change                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear he's not changing!\par
I made the most beautiful Christmas wreath                                                                                               I am glad to hear about the Christmas wreath!\par
Somebody ate all of the Pringles and put it back on the shelf in my pantry                                                                                   I am sorry someone ate all the pringles!\par
I threw up all over the veranda                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear you threw up!\par
The fruit salad was delicious because all the fruit was fresh                                                                                   I am happy to here it was delicious!\par
My cat threw up on the carpet                                                                                                               I am sorry that your cat threw up!\par
This morning I was planning to wake up at 8 AM but I slept in until 10:30                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you slept over your 8 am alarm to 10:30!\par
My neighbors are so loud and rude                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about your neighbors!\par
I finally made enough money to buy a condo                                                                                               I am happy to hear about your condo!\par
Listening to the latest political debates makes my blood pressure go up                                                                                   I am sorry that listening to political debates makes your blood pressure go up!\par
I got yelled at at work                                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear you got yelled at!\par
I got a great makeover                                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear you got a makeover!\par
I got some free stuff at the store                                                                                                           I am glad you got free stuff!\par
I've been working on it for a year\'01 and tonight I finally finished the project                                                                                   I am glad about your project!\par
My dentist is also my friend so the checkup was free                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the free checkup!\par
I had to go to the DMV                                                                                                                                   I am sorry you went to the DMV!\par
My blood sugar has been really good for a month                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your blood sugar!\par
The vet just told me that my cat did really well in surgery and is in recovery already                                                                                   I am glad to hear your cat did well!\par
You have beautiful skin                                                                                                                                      I am happy about my skin!\par
I think I'm coming down with the flu                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about the flu!\par
I've had the flu for the last 2 weeks and still don't feel good                                                                                   I am sad I have had the flu!\par
I bought stuff to make s'mores today and am so excited                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the s'mores!\par
My dog died today                                                                                                                                             I am sorry about your dog!\par
I discovered a hidden compartment in my house with a mysterious box                                                                                   I am glad you found that box!\par
I just found out my husband has been cheating on me for the last three years                                                                                   I am sorry your husband cheated!\par
My Dr said I have recovered from chicken Pox                                                                                   I am glad to hear you no longer have chicken pox!\par
She invited us to her party for New Years'                                                                                           I am glad to hear about the invite!\par
My art project got nominated for an award                                                                                           I am glad to hear you you were nominated!\par
It seems that I've had a really bad week this week                                                                                   I am sorry you have had a bad week!\par
The mechanic said my car is in perfect condition with no repairs needed                                                                                   I am glad the mechanic said your car is in perfect condition!\par
The food at the company picnic made me sick                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the food made you sick!\par
My auto insurance went up $ 50 a month after my accident                                                                                   I am sorry that is a lot!\par
I am finally debt free today                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear you are debt free!\par
The guest did not have a good time at the muddy wedding reception                                                                                   I am sorry about the wedding reception!\par
The car broke down because I had ran out of gas                                                                                   I am sad your car broke down!\par
Last night I got a computer virus and haven't been able to get rid of it yet                                                                                   I am sorry for the virus!\par
I fell three times trying to walk down the slick driveway                                                                                   I am sorry that you fell!\par
The dog chewed up my expensive leather shoes                                                                                   I am sorry about your shoes!\par
She suspects that her cleaner is stealing from her                                                                                   I am sad about her cleaner!\par
The cancer's metastasized                                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about the cancer!\par
I lost out on the position to someone younger                                                                                   I am sorry you lost out on the position!\par
The girl I have a crush on never replied to my text                                                                                   I am sorry to hear she never replied!\par
I won a contest in the store                                                                                                                        I am glad you won a contest!\par
It only took me ten minutes to shovel the driveway after the snow                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your driveway!\par
My cat won't start this morning                                                                                                                    I am sorry your cat won't start!\par
After taking supplements\'01 I think I really am losing a lot weight                                                                                   I am glad to hear you have lost weight!\par
We found my grandmother's engagement ring we thought we had lost                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found the ring!\par
My fiancee will come to see me this weekend                                                                                   I am happy you get to see your fiance this weekend!\par
I haven't been able to find enough time to devote to making music videos                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your lack of time!\par
My niece made straight A's on her report card                                                                                   I am glad you niece did well on her report card!\par
There were many casualties                                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about the casualties!\par
We got in a wreck on the way here and the cake got smashed in the backseat                                                                                   I am sorry about the wreck and cake!\par
My two daughters are finally starting to share better                                                                                   I am glad your two daughter are starting to share!\par
I got rear ended just after leaving the dealership in my new car                                                                                   I am sorry your got rear ended!\par
Ivy league tuition is extremely expensive                                                                                                     I am sorry\'01 its to much money!\par
Yesterday this sweet lady paid for my coffee for no reason                                                                                   I am glad a lady paid for your coffee!\par
We lost our tickets to the Superbowl and couldn't go                                                                                   I am sorry about your Superbowl tickets!\par
I burnt all of my hot dogs on the grill and had to throw them out                                                                                   I am sorry about your hot dogs!\par
My article was accepted for publication                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your article!\par
My application for a new credit card was declined                                                                                   I am sorry for the decline!\par
One of my teeth fell out for no reason at all                                                                                          I am sorry one of your teeth fell out!\par
The cab driver gave me a free ride home                                                                                             I am glad to hear about your ride!\par
My doctor got my blood work back\'01 and I am cancer - free                                                                                   I am glad to hear the news that your cancer - free!\par
I'm still having trouble with that tendon in my shoulder                                                                                   I am sorry about your shoulder!\par
The criminal that was vandalizing the neighborhood was finally caught                                                                                   I am happy to hear the criminal got caught!\par
My girlfriend just broke up with me today                                                                                            I am sorry to hear you are broken up!\par
Our new kitten has feline leukemia                                                                                                      I am sad about your kitten's leukemia!\par
The director really liked my screenplay\'01 he said                                                                                   I am glad the direction liked your screenplay!\par
today i was distracted for a moment and I had the food i was cooking burnt                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your food!\par
My shoes are worn out and I have to buy new ones before the dinner                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your shoes!\par
My cereal milk was spoiled                                                                                                                      I am sad the cereal milk spoiled!\par
The weather was lovely yesterday so I had a picnic                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the weather!\par
I lost 10 pounds this month                                                                                                                       I am happy ou lost 10 pounds!\par
My neighbors dog attacked my dog                                                                                                        I am sorry about your dog! \par
My car broke down on the way to work                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about your car breakdown!\par
Recently I visited Japan and got to see all the cool robots there                                                                                   I am happy to here about what you did in Japan!\par
I found my favorite shoes on sale at 50 % off                                                                                            I am glad to hear you found your favorite shoes on sale!\par
My husband got a raise this morning                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about the pay raise!\par
I finished washing my clothes and now they smell great                                                                                   I am happy about your clothes!\par
The meeting ran three hours over what it was suppose to and now I'm completely behind                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the meeting ran 3 hours over!\par
My boss told me I was a fantastic employee                                                                                               I am glad your boss thinks you're fantastic!\par
I got a big raise at work today                                                                                                                   I am glad am so happy you got a raise!\par
I lost 5 pounds on my new diet                                                                                                               I am happy you lost 5 pounds!\par
Everyone loves the caramel corn grandma makes                                                                                   I am glad everyone loves the caramel corn!\par
Some people don't know when to quit                                                                                                       I am sad to hear about some people!\par
I will meet friends later for a drink                                                                                                          I am happy your getting a drink!\par
My boyfriend has a surprise gift for me                                                                                                  I am happy your boyfriend has a gift!\par
We stopped at the dog park and I got to pet so many puppies                                                                                   I am happy you could pet so many puppies!\par
My Prius isn't starting for some reason                                                                                                       I am sorry your Prius won't start!\par
I won a trip to the Bahamas on a radio contest                                                                                   I am happy that you won a trip to the Bahamas!\par
My new BMW arrived                                                                                                                               I am happy for your new car!\par
We did not purchase tickets in time to attend the concert with our friends                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you couldn't get the tickets in time!\par
My parakeet called my girlfriend ugly today and she is mad at me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your girlfriend being angry!\par
I'm going to have to cancel my trip since Bob is out sick                                                                                   I am sorry you're cancelling your trip!\par
I ran eight miles today\'01 which is the most I've ever been able to run                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your running achievement!\par
The candle wax dripped onto the carpet                                                                                                       I am sorry the candle wax spilled!\par
My wedding ended up costing way more than I wanted it to                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your wedding!\par
My liver enzymes came back elevated                                                                                                    I am sorry that it's elevated!\par
My son was in a bad car accidnet                                                                                                             I am sad about your son's accident!\par
my bank account was frozen                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear they froze your bank account!\par
My dog broke my broom                                                                                                                         I AM SORRY FOR THE BRROM!\par
The garbage can in my kitchen got knocked over and now there's a mess everywhere                                                                                   I am sorry about your kitchen!\par
My boss gave me a raise                                                                                                                          I am glad you got a raise!\par
I can't find my belongings                                                                                                                       I am sorry you can't find your things!\par
The price for my pills increased by 200 %                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about your pills!\par
My new mechanic gave me a very good price                                                                                           I am glad to hear your mechanic gives a good price!\par
My mechanical pencil broke during the test                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about your mechanical pencil!\par
he finally proposed to me                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear he proposed!\par
It is such an honor to be nominated                                                                                                      I am glad its an honor to be nominated!\par
I found photographs of my children online being used inappropriately                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your childrens' photographs being inappropriately used online!\par
My neighbors are angry because I play music at night                                                                                   I am sorry that your neighbors are angry at you!\par
I caught the rat that was terrorizing my house                                                                                   I am happy you caught the rat!\par
Everyone applauded after she played the piano                                                                                   I am happy everyone applauded!\par
I need to go to the hospital tomorrow                                                                                                   I am sorry you need to go to the hospital!\par
The music and the laughter healed my soul                                                                                                 I am glad to hear that it healed your soul!\par
Since I was late on my last bill the utility company came and shut off my electricity                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you getting cut off!\par
I chipped my tooth and will have to pay to get it repaired                                                                                   I am sorry about your chipped tooth!\par
My mother is ill and has a high fever                                                                                                         I am sorry about your mother!\par
She has blocked me on facebook and is ignoring my calls                                                                                   I am sorry she is blocking you so much!\par
My brother is coming for a visit next week                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your brother visiting!\par
my wife lost her sight due to an eye infection                                                                                    I am sorry you wife lost her sight!\par
I am getting tested for lupus tomorrow and am really nervous about it                                                                                   I am sorry about your lupus test related nervousness!\par
I felt so refreshed when I woke up today that I decided to take a walk around the block                                                                                   I am happy you woke up refreshed today!\par
My new shorts look great on me                                                                                                           I am glad to hear your shorts look good!\par
I just discovered my dog ate my wooden crochet hook                                                                                   I am sorry your dog ate your crochet hook!\par
My favorite X-Files episode is on tv tonight                                                                                                  I am glad to hear that your favorite show is on!\par
My car is gone from the parking lot                                                                                                       I am sorry your car is gone!\par
Today I was supposed to meditate but I got lazy and I didn't\'01 and I feel guilty about it                                                                                   I am sorry that you feel guilty!\par
My son just graduated from college                                                                                                      I am happy to hear about your son graduating!\par
My pants that I'm wearing have a stain on them and I don't have other ones                                                                                   I am sorry you got a stain!\par
I got a lot of good comments on my performance                                                                                   I am glad your performance was apprecciated!\par
Unfortuantely\'01 my mom dided of the cancer she had                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your mom!\par
I had a nice dinner at a fancy restaurant                                                                                                 I am happy you had a nice dinner!\par
I threw a fun Superbowl party for my friends                                                                                            I am happy you threw a party!\par
I am so behind at work I don't think I'll be able to get a day off this week                                                                                   I am sorry you can't get a day off because you're busy!\par
My mother is now in remission and breast cancer free                                                                                   I am happy about your mother!\par
The weather was sunny and pleasant here in our neighborhood                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the nice weather!\par
The split pea soup I made in the InstantPot came out fantastic                                                                                   I am glad to hear your soup turned out!\par
The suitcase fell over just as he was finishing and he spent ten minutes repacking                                                                                   I am sorry the suitcase fell over!\par
my business suffered a 20 % loss closing this year                                                                                   I am sorry your business suffered a loss!\par
My cell phone was okay after putting it in rice                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your cell phone!\par
I spilled mustard on my favorite shirt\'01 and now I can't get the stain out                                                                                   I am sorry about the mustard on your favorite shirt!\par
Someone raked our leaves while we were gone last week                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the raked leaves!\par
The blanket I bought for my mom was a big hit                                                                                   I am glad for you and your mom!\par
My dog pooped in the living room                                                                                                           I am sad your dog pooped everywhere!\par
I spilled coffee on my laptop and it broke                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about your broken laptop!\par
The restaurant cooked my chicken wings to perfection                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the chicken wings!\par
When I dropped my phone in the water I lost all of the photos I had edited                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you dropped your phone in the water and lost all of your photos!\par
I lost my car keys                                                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your car keys!\par
I quit my job in a fit of rage                                                                                                                        I am sorry you quit your job!\par
I woke up late this morning and missed the bus to school                                                                                   I am sorry you missed the bus!\par
We fished all day and never got a bite                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about not catching any fish!\par
I love the way his tail flips back and forth and he rolls around                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your entertainment!\par
My dog got hit by a car\'01 and he was so injured we had to put him down                                                                                   I am sorry about your dog!\par
My power is about to be shut off because I am three weeks late                                                                                   I am sorry about your power!\par
We held hands and spoke excitedly about our future                                                                                   I am glad to hear you spoke about your future!\par
I got AIDS                                                                                                                                                   I am sorry you got AIDS!\par
I failed my math test                                                                                                                                  I am sorry you failed the test!\par
My new textbooks for school cost me way more than they are worth                                                                                   I am sorry the textbooks were so expensive!\par
My brother helped me beat a tough level in Mega Man 2                                                                                   I am glad you beat the level!\par
I found a great new product at the grocery store today                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found a new product today!\par
I figured out a way to make this work                                                                                                           I am happy you figured out a way!\par
I tried to make friends at a party but it failed                                                                                             I am sorry to hear you failed to make friends!\par
I feel like someone is watching me                                                                                                       I am sorry about your feeling!\par
my software invention was finally approved                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your invention!\par
My son is angry with my and I have no idea why                                                                                   I am sorry that your son is angry with you!\par
I went to go for a run today                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your run!\par
It's been raining here every day for the last two weeks                                                                                   I am sorry for the rain lasting two weeks!\par
I accidentally shrank my favorite wool sweater in the wash                                                                                   I am sorry you accidentally shrank your favorite sweater!\par
She forgot to cook the eggplant first and the casserole was ruined                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about he casserole!\par
My mom fell and broke her hip last week                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about her hip!\par
Our daughter got her first tricycle yesterday                                                                                                I am happy your daughter got her first tricycle!\par
My boss fired me today because I was late again                                                                                   I am sad for you!\par
great for solution congragulation                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about the solution!\par
I made a mistake and delivered the wrong package to the wrong house                                                                                   I am sorry you made a mistake delivering the packages!\par
My niece painted me a beautiful picture                                                                                                      I am glad she painted a picture!\par
I dropped the chocolate cupcakes that Margaret gave me                                                                                   I am sorry you dropped the cupcakes!\par
I'm trying to buy a used motorcycle but I can't find any leads                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you can't find any used motorcycle leads!\par
My feet are aching but we have about three more miles to hike                                                                                   I am sorry your feet are aching!\par
My date turned out to be a psycho                                                                                                        I am sorry about your date!\par
There is a new puppy at the shelter\'01 hes so cute                                                                                   i am happy about puppy!\par
I really scored at the thrift store this weekend                                                                                   I am glad you scored!\par
I won $ 50 on a lottery ticket                                                                                                                   I am glad you won!\par
My boyfriend sent a dozen long stemmed roses for my birthday                                                                                   I am happy your boyfriend sent you roses!\par
Found out today that the insurance provider denied the claim                                                                                   I am sorry your insurance claim was denied!\par
I won the football bet this week                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear that you won!\par
My tv is fixed\'01 We can watch movies now                                                                                                   I am glad to hear your tvs fixed!\par
I just got a great haircut and I love it                                                                                                       I am happy that you love your haircut!\par
My dog is very sick                                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear that!\par
My wife wants a divorce                                                                                                                                   I am sorry your wife wants a divorce!\par
I forget my lunch at home today                                                                                                                    I am sorry you forgot your lunch!\par
I can't afford groceries                                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear you can't buy groceries!\par
I thought it was only a little infection in my toe\'01 but it has grown larger                                                                                   I am sorry you have an infection!\par
I left a garbage bag outside and rats go into it in the night and made a huge mess                                                                                   I am sorry to hear rats got into a garbage bag outside and made a huge mess!\par
The new heater in my house heats the entire space efficiently                                                                                   I am happy about your new heater!\par
These new vitamins are giving me lots of energy                                                                                   I am glad to hear these vitamins are giving you energy!\par
I'm so bummed that my sister broke my favorite chair                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the chair!\par
My fish died from a sickness this morning                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear that your fish died this morning!\par
I saved so much on my car insurance by switching providers                                                                                   I am happy you saved so much!\par
It looks like my mother - in - law will be in the hospital for another week                                                                                   I am sad that your mother - in - law will be in the hospital!\par
I had a delicious coffee this morning from the new shop downtown                                                                                   I am happy you enjoyed your coffee!\par
I failed my drivers test for the third time today                                                                                   I am sad that you failed!\par
My little blue elephant broke and super glue isn't working                                                                                   I am sad that your little blue elephant broke!\par
I spilled coffee on my brand new briefcase                                                                                                 I am sad you spilled coffee on your new briefcase!\par
I quit my job today in order to work on my art and I feel like it was the right thing                                                                                   I am happy your work feels right!\par
Guess who got tickets to the Super Bowl                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your tickets!\par
I have almost finished building my outdoor shed                                                                                   I am glad that you have almost finished!\par
I don't have enough money to buy the next album                                                                                   I am sad you don't have enough money!\par
Our heater malfunctioned dumping carbon monoxide in the house last night                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your heater malfunctioned!\par
Getting old is a challenge\'01 to say the least                                                                                             I am sorry to hear you think getting old is challenging!\par
Tom got into his first option of colleges                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about Tom's colleges!\par
My friend asked me to be the maid of honor in her wedding                                                                                   I am glad you were asked to be the maid of honor!\par
I received a phone call saying that I won a free cruise                                                                                   I am happy for the win!\par
I just received words that I got accepted to work at this company earlier this morning                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got hired!\par
My boyfriend proposed to me last night                                                                                                        I am happy to hear about the proposal!\par
I got a cat today                                                                                                                                            I am glad you got a cat!\par
I don't think Alan has the intestinal fortitude to do the job well                                                                                   I am sad about Alan!\par
I will have to owe the IRS this year instead of getting a refund                                                                                   I am sorry you owe the IRS!\par
Just found out I am allergic to roses                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear you're allergic to roses!\par
I am getting married                                                                                                                                I am glad to hear you're getting married!\par
I was too cold today because there was a cool front                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were too cold!\par
I'm hoping for a white Christmas this year                                                                                                    I am happy you are hoping for a white Christmas!\par
My friend said she really liked my outfit today                                                                                   I am happy she liked the outfit!\par
I just found out that I got accepted to my top choice of grad school                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got accepted!\par
I cleaned up at the poker game and I'm taking us out to dinner                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your poker game!\par
I'm having a terrible hangover from over drinking last night                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you have a hangover!\par
While streaming on Twitch\'01 someone donated $ 50 to me                                                                                   I am glad someone donated $ 50!\par
I broke my tooth trying to eat cookies my niece baked                                                                                   I am sorry about your broken tooth!\par
I think my co-workers think I'm terrible at my job                                                                                   I am sorry your terrible at your job!\par
I have no money so I have to live off of beans and noodles for a month                                                                                   I am sorry you have no money!\par
Finally got a new car                                                                                                                                  I am happy you got a car!\par
My brother will visit me in the army                                                                                                               I am glad to hear that your brother will visit you!\par
After going to the gym and counting calories for a month\'01 I have lost 10 pounds                                                                                   I am happy that you've lost 10 pounds!\par
My bank account is empty and I can't buy this shirt I want to buy                                                                                   I am sorry your bank account is empty and you can't buy things!\par
His favorite team won the Super Bowl                                                                                                 I am happy that they won!\par
The baby won't stop crying while we're trying to rest                                                                                   I am sorry about the crying!\par
I broke the screen on my television                                                                                                         I am sorry your television broke!\par
I am so tired of all the fighting                                                                                                                     I am sad about the fighting!\par
I lost my checkbook somewhere in my apartment                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you lost your checkbook!\par
The grocery store was out of milk                                                                                                           I am sorry it's out of milk!\par
The work weekend bonding retreat was a lot of fun                                                                                   I am glad the work retreat was fun!\par
Our ultimate frisbee team is really good                                                                                                         I am glad you have a great frisbee team!\par
I found a new restaurant                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the restaurant!\par
I drunk drove into a telephone poll                                                                                                                 I am sorry about the accident!\par
My niece loved the toy piano I bought her for Christmas                                                                                   I am glad your niece loved her toy piano Christmas present!\par
My son graduated at the top of his class                                                                                                       I am glad to hear that your son graduated!\par
My boss will not approve time off for my sons illness                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your boss won't approve time off!\par
My son was accepted to a ivy - league college                                                                                   I am happy your son was accepted!\par
Tasha's soup tasted amazing                                                                                                                          I am glad to hear about the soup!\par
I can't feel my right leg suddenly                                                                                                                 I am sad about your leg!\par
The football player broke his arm at the big game                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the football player!\par
I woke up to breakfast in bed                                                                                                                          I am glad to hear about the breakfast in bed!\par
He shook our hands and thanked us                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you were thanked!\par
A personal close friend of mine passed away recently                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your friend passing away!\par
my daughter did very well in her university exams                                                                                   I am glad your daughter did very well on her exams!\par
My friends and I really bonded over a game of chess                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you bonded with friends!\par
My painting just sold for $ 7000 today on ebay                                                                                   I am happy your painting sold today!\par
I keep getting calls from a collections agency but I don't know what bill it is for                                                                                   I am sorry for the collection agency calls!\par
I got too drunk to stand up                                                                                                                            I am sorry you got too drunk!\par
I got a new puppy this afternoon                                                                                                              I am glad you got a puppy!\par
I don't like the new girl at work\'01 she is nosy                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your work problems!\par
When I got out of the bathtub I found that my towel was really soft and warm                                                                                   I am happy that your towel was really soft and warm!\par
My instructor told me I got the highest score in the class                                                                                   I am happy you scored the highest!\par
The new socks my mom gave me for Christmas already have a hole in them                                                                                   I am sorry your socks have a hole!\par
My best friend surprised with lunch at work today                                                                                   I am happy your best friend surprised you!\par
I got tickets to the show                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the tickets!\par
It's rewarding graduating college                                                                                                                 I am happy you graduated!\par
I just got my best golf score ever                                                                                                           I am happy to hear you got your best score!\par
I forgot my husband's birthday today                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear that you forgot about your husbands birthday!\par
It snowed all day and traffic was horrific on the way home                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that it snowed and traffic was bad!\par
I cooked in my new kitchen for the first time last night and I love it                                                                                   I am glad to see you love your new kitchen!\par
There's nothing good on our television                                                                                                  I am sorry about your television!\par
I received $ 40 today from a class action lawsuit                                                                                   I am glad you received $ 40!\par
My hot water heater flooded the basement causing a lot of damage                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the damage!\par
I'm shivering because I have a fever                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about your fever!\par
I found a great deal on a used laptop to buy                                                                                                I am glad your found a great deal!\par
It's going to be so terribly hot all week long                                                                                                   I am sad about the heat!\par
I broke my arm while falling off my bicycle                                                                                                I am sorry to hear you broke your arm!\par
My friend dropped beer on my floor and made a mess                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the mess!\par
My friend has been diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer                                                                                   I am sorry about your friend!\par
I went hiking and my dog chased after a deer and I can't find her anywhere                                                                                   I am sorry you lost your dog!\par
I meant a lot of interesting and fun people at the party last night                                                                                   I am glad to hear the party went well and you met people!\par
My fish died                                                                                                                                                                 I am sad it died!\par
I just won a contest for a brand new Playstation 4                                                                                   I am happy you won a Playstation 4!\par
I didn't get to the store in time for the sale on that TV                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you didn't get to the store in time!\par
I just completed my final exam and I'm confident I will get an A in my class                                                                                   I am happy that you are confident!\par
My loan application was just approved\'01 I'm getting a new car                                                                                   I am glad to hear you are getting a new car!\par
The menu was unappealling with no healthy choices                                                                                   I am sorry it was unappealing!\par
I left my new leather jacket on the subway                                                                                                I am sorry you left your jacket on the subway!\par
We just won the championship last night                                                                                                     I am glad you won!\par
My cat woke me up by meowing in my ear                                                                                                   I am sorry your cat woke you up!\par
I heard my mom call out for help as she fell down the stairs                                                                                   I am sorry that you heard your mom call for help as she fell down!\par
I fell asleep during a first date                                                                                                                 I am sorry you fell asleep!\par
Making money from home is a good gig                                                                                                     I am happy about your work arrangement!\par
I know she would reject me if I shared my true feelings                                                                                   I am sad she would reject you!\par
My friend loved the sweater I gave him for Chirstmas                                                                                   I am glad your friend loved the sweater!\par
We are sticking to our exercise goals                                                                                                           I am happy you are sticking to your goals!\par
My car shines like it's new                                                                                                                       I am happy your car is shining!\par
Grandma was just diagnosed with dementia                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your grandma!\par
The ice cream truck had the ice cream sandwich I have been looking for for years                                                                                   I am happy that you got ice cream!\par
I got food poisoning from a local restaurant                                                                                                I am sorry you got food poisoning!\par
John asked me to the prom                                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about John!\par
I am afraid to read his email                                                                                                                  I am sorry to fear reading the email!\par
I'm getting ready to go on vacation next month to Hawaii                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you're going to Hawaii!\par
I am taking a trip to Norway this summer and I'm very excited                                                                                   I am glad you are taking a trip to Norway this summer!\par
I threw up in my boyfriends car after we ate pizza                                                                                   I am sorry you threw up!\par
Her dog performed perfectly                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about her dog!\par
My eye doctor says that I need new glasses                                                                                              I am sad that you need new glasses!\par
My dog is sick with the flu                                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about your dog's flu sickness!\par
I just signed the escrow to our new million dollar home today                                                                                   I am happy that you signed the home escrow!\par
My son wrote me a note this morning that was so sweet                                                                                   I am happy the note was sweet!\par
My brother just told me he thinks our parents are each having affairs                                                                                   I am sorry you heard both your parents are cheating!\par
Trey bought me a present                                                                                                                         I am happy about your present!\par
My dog went missing but we found him                                                                                                I am happy you found him!\par
My favorite teacher is coming back to the school this year                                                                                   I am glad to hear your favorite teacher is coming back!\par
I bought the wrong tires for my car                                                                                                       I am sad your tires are wrong!\par
my computer crashed and I lost all my data                                                                                          I am sorry about your computer and data!\par
I walked into poison ivy                                                                                                                          I am sorry about the ivy!\par
My car broke down and now I have to walk to work for the next two weeks while it's repaired                                                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear that!\par
I can't afford health insurance                                                                                                                         I am sorry insurance is so costly! \par
I can't afford health care with my current job                                                                                    I am sorry you can't afford health care!\par
I got a new kitten                                                                                                                                       I am glad about your new kitten!\par
When my sister called and offered to watch the kids so we could go out to celebrate our anniversary I was touched                                                                                                                        I am happy about the offer from your sister!\par
I bought the wrong size tires and damaged my car                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your car!\par
I arrived at the polls too late to vote in the local election                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you didn't get to vote!\par
My granddaughter was just diagnosed with autism                                                                                   I am sad your granddaughter has autism!\par
A new episode of my favorite TV show is on tonight                                                                                   I am glad a new episode of your favorite TV show is on!\par
He finally proposed                                                                                                                                       I am glad to ear he proposed!\par
The transmission went out in the car on the commute home                                                                                   I am sorry about your situation!\par
They tried to force us to stop renovations                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear they tried to stop your renovations!\par
I found the most delicious orange juice at the store                                                                                   I am glad that you found a delicious orange!\par
I had food poisoning all weekend                                                                                                                  I am sorry you got food poisoning!\par
My rent just went up again                                                                                                                       I am sorry your rent went up!\par
My daughter is so proud of herself for learning how to whistle                                                                                   I am happy your daughter is proud of herself!\par
I cooked the perfect salmon filet last night                                                                                                 I am glad you cooked the perfect salmon filet!\par
My neighbors are nice people and invite us over for dinner                                                                                   I am glad your neighbors are nice people!\par
My parents were in a bad car accident                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear your parents had a car accident!\par
My dog met another dog and they love each other                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your dog loving another dog!\par
My friend got a promotion at work                                                                                                         I am glad am so happy for her!\par
My boss is just the worst                                                                                                                          I am sorry for your worst boss!\par
The natural lighting in the house makes me feel energized                                                                                   I am happy that you feel energized!\par
My uncle was hospitalized with salmonella yesterday                                                                                   I am sorry your uncle was hospitalized!\par
I had a total winning of over 2 grand at the casino today                                                                                   I am happy about the result!\par
Everyone at work praised me today                                                                                                      I am glad you were praised!\par
The hurricane was so strong that it completely destroyed their entire home                                                                                   I am sad their home is gone!\par
My grandmother gave me some chocolate                                                                                         I am glad to hear about the chocolate!\par
My mom told me i'm a disgrace to her                                                                                                           I am sorry your mom told you that you are a disgrace!\par
I didn't like that movie                                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear you didn't like the movie!\par
The shirt that was once too large for me shrunk and now fits me perfectly                                                                                   I am glad for the perfect fit!\par
Today is my first day at my new job                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about your new job!\par
My new plant is dying and I can't revive it                                                                                                    I am sad that your new plant is dying!\par
Our dog was run over by the garbage truck driver and he just hit and run and no one knows where he is                                                                                                                                                  I am sorry your dog was killed by the garage truck!\par
My cat knocked my wireless mouse off of the table and I can't find it anywhere                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your lost wireless mouse!\par
This fairy tale did not have a happy ending                                                                                             i am sad about the ending!\par
My baby just said her first words                                                                                                            I am glad for your baby!\par
Someone scratched my car and I have no idea who did it or when                                                                                   I am sorry your car was scratched!\par
I saw a horse get hit by a tractor and it died                                                                                                 I am sorry you saw the horse die!\par
My arm is still sore from my flu shot                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear your arm is sore!\par
My x-ray scans came back negative                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about your x-ray scans!\par
I got a flat tire on the way to work this morning                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the flat tire!\par
I received a raise at work today                                                                                                               I am glad you received a raise!\par
I hurt my back shoveling snow                                                                                                                 I am sorry you hurt your back!\par
A letter came from Brown today\'01 I have been accepted                                                                                   I am glad you got accepted to Brown!\par
Yesterday I interviewed for my dream job                                                                                                   I am happy you had an interview!\par
My son told me he will be coming home on leave from the Army next week                                                                                   I am glad your son is coming home!\par
I just aced thest I was studying weeks for                                                                                                     I am glad to hear that you aced the test!\par
Due to my clumsiness\'01 I spilled paint all over the carpet                                                                                   I am sorry the paint spilled!\par
I came in first in the costume contest                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the costume contest!\par
My daughter cut my hair while I was sleeping                                                                                             I am sorry about your hair!\par
My girlfriend just dumped me for a lounge singer                                                                                   I am sorry your girlfriend just dumped you!\par
My best friend punched me right in the mouth                                                                                   I am sorry you got punched in the mouth\'01!\par
I was laid off from my job                                                                                                                       I am sorry about your job!\par
Knowing that it's okay not to be okay all the time is a relief                                                                                   I am happy you know you don't have to be ok all the time!\par
I entered a sweepstakes at the mall and won a new car                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you won!\par
They gave us each a free dessert                                                                                                             I am glad you each got dessert!\par
There's nothing good in the fridge                                                                                                              I am sad nothing good in the fridge!\par
I can't believe we got such a great deal on this TV                                                                                   i am glad about the great deal!\par
The worse part of the holidays is missing my loved ones                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your holiday situation!\par
My brother thought it was funny to put Nair in my shampoo bottle and now my hair is falling out                                                                                                                                                     I am sad that your hair is falling out because of Nair in your shampoo!\par
I got a promotion to Manager at work                                                                                                     I am happy for your promotion!\par
I won the county beauty pageant at the fall festival                                                                                   I am glad you won the beauty pageant!\par
My date stood me up last night                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear your date stood you up!\par
Our team won the volleyball competition                                                                                                    I am happy you won!\par
The line was too long                                                                                                                                  I am sorry about the line!\par
I got my daughter's report card today\'01 she got straight A's                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your daughter's report card!\par
My car got stolen while it was in the parking lot just now                                                                                   I am sad that your car got stolen!\par
I reached my goal at work this week                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about work!\par
My hotel reservation was honored in spite of a twelve hour arrival delay                                                                                   I am glad your hotel reservation was honored!\par
I feel good about the way that interview played out and I think I got the job                                                                                   I am happy about the interview!\par
I finally received a promotion at work                                                                                                           I am glad to hear about your promotion!\par
I took my rabbit to the vet\'01 and she's going to be just fine                                                                                   I am happy your rabbit is going to be fine!\par
My cooking class says I don't have to cook the live lobster for the test                                                                                   I am happy you don't have to cook live lobster!\par
The proctor did not allow me to use the restroom during the testing time                                                                                   I am sorry you were not allowed to use the restroom!\par
I missed the deadline for college applications this year                                                                                   I am sorry you missed the deadline for college applications!\par
My car was broken into and vandalized yesterday                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your car was vandalized!\par
It feels good to live in the here and now                                                                                                I am glad it feels good to live!\par
I've tried twelve publishers and no one wants my book                                                                                   I am sorry your book isn't published!\par
I made my last car payment today and now it's entirely mine                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your own car!\par
I had to declare bankruptcy                                                                                                                     I am sad to hear you're bankrupt!\par
I will go to the mall after work                                                                                                                 I am glad you will go to the mall!\par
They called me back and said I got the job                                                                                            I am happy you got the job!\par
My grandfather passed a week ago                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear that your grandpa died!\par
The bartender helped me get that cute girl's number                                                                                   I am glad you got that cute girl's number!\par
I'm going on vacation next week                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear you're doing on vacation!\par
That company I applied to just called me to come in for an interview                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your interview!\par
I bought some new underwear                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear you bought underwear!\par
I don't think I will be able to pay for groceries this month                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the groceries!\par
i fell down and broke my leg                                                                                                                      I am sorry you broke your leg!\par
My friends are really angry at me now                                                                                                  I am sorry your friends are angry at you\'01!\par
The cocktail dinner was spectacularly planned and executed                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the cocktail dinner!\par
He looked so handsome in his uniform                                                                                                 I am happy he looked handsome!\par
My boss gave me a raise today after my yearly performance review                                                                                   I am happy that you got a raise!\par
I went to make a sandwich but was out of bread                                                                                   I am sorry you were out of bread!\par
I passed my exam and I am now a certified personal trainer                                                                                   I am happy that you're now a certified personal trainer!\par
People say I smell pretty bad                                                                                                                  I am sorry people say you smell bad!\par
I just got done cleaning the house\'01 and now there's a mess in the first room I cleaned                                                                                   I am sad to hear cleaning your house didn't work out!\par
IMy car won't start so I have to call the repair service                                                                                   I am sorry your car won't start!\par
Our charity auction was a huge success                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about the auction!\par
I got a new magazine subscription as a gift                                                                                                    I am glad to hear that you got a new magazine subscription!\par
The power has been off for 3 days                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your power shortage!\par
The District attorney said that all the charges against me are going to be dropped                                                                                   I am glad to hear the charges were dropped!\par
I am having a banging headache for over an hour till now                                                                                   I am sorry you have had a banging headache!\par
A homeless man spat on me today                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear you were spit on!\par
I went to the martial arts gym nearby and found out that their monthly fee is very affordable                                                                                                                                                     I am glad the gym is affordable!\par
My stereo system just exploded                                                                                                              I am sad your stereo exploded!\par
It's hard some days to just be okay                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about your days!\par
I was selected as employee of the month                                                                                                             I am glad you were selected!\par
These new glasses are getting me a lot of compliments                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the glasses!\par
I was arrested last night                                                                                                                               I am sorry about your arrest!\par
I found out I won one of the family trips I bid on at the school auction                                                                                   I am happy you won one of the trips at the auction!\par
I got another speeding ticket on the way home                                                                                   I am sorry you got a ticket!\par
My lab test results indicate serious disease                                                                                             I am sorry about your test results!\par
I won the raffle at work and got a 4k TV                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about your win!\par
My hairdresser gave me a fantastic new style                                                                                              I am glad your hair appointment went well! \par
Grandmas cookies were the favorite at the fall festival                                                                                   I am happy that grandmas cookies were the favorite!\par
I'm not feeling well                                                                                                                                    I am sad you are not well!\par
The movie I was looking forward to seeing ended up sucking                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the movie!\par
My car got back from the dealer's today and is working again                                                                                   I am glad you got your car fixed!\par
I was in an accident                                                                                                                                 I am sorry about you accident!\par
I had a tasty tilapia and quinoa bowl at the corner cafe                                                                                   I am happy you had a tilapia and quinoa bowl!\par
Our son won first place in the Jr\'01 High Science fair                                                                                   I am glad your son won!\par
My cat got run over by a car                                                                                                                          I am sorry to about your cat!\par
I won a car in a sweepstakes                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you won the sweepstakes for the car!\par
I have no clean clothes to wear to work                                                                                                     I am sorry you have no clean clothes!\par
the audience cheered loudly and applauded me as I finished my performance                                                                                   I am happy about your performance!\par
I received a free Premium upgrade to Spottily                                                                                   I am glad to hear you received a free upgrade!\par
I had the best meal last night at the new restaurant down the street                                                                                   I am glad you had the best meal last night!\par
The roads are all icy                                                                                                                                 I am sorry about the roads!\par
I left a pen in my pants and when I went to wash them there was ink everywhere                                                                                   I am sorry your pen leaked all over your pants!\par
This morning I woke up feeling very refreshed and ready to conquer the day                                                                                   I am glad that you woke up refreshed!\par
My fiance proposed to me last night                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your proposal!\par
I can't seem to be able to sleep through the night                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your sleep!\par
The power went out so we could not complete our work by deadine today                                                                                   I am sorry the power went out!\par
I got a raise of $ 5 dollars an hour at work                                                                                                   I am glad you got a raise!                         \par
Art appreciation is the best class                                                                                                                  I am glad you love the art class!\par
I made mac and cheese and it came out perfectly                                                                                   I am glad to hear your mac and cheese came out perfectly!\par
I love my job and often lose track of time at work                                                                                   I am glad to hear you love your job!\par
I was snowed in all day                                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about the show!\par
The house is so messy and I can't muster up the energy to clean                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you don't have any energy!\par
I got caught running a red light in town                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear you got caught!    \par
My plane was delayed by one hour                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about the delay!\par
I got hired at the job I was interviewing for last week                                                                                   I am glad you were hired\'01 aftered being interviewed!\par
I was told to leave and never come back                                                                                                       I am sorry you were told to leave!\par
All my friends and family came to my birthday party and we all had a great time                                                                                   I am glad you all had a great time!\par
My blood test came back positive                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear that you are sick!\par
The dress fits me like a glove                                                                                                                   I am happy this dress fits you!\par
Today I bought some new coffee at the grocery store and it tastes terrible                                                                                   I am sad about the coffee!\par
Our book club loves to read non fiction                                                                                                    I am glad your book club enjoys non fiction!\par
My son took his first step today                                                                                                                I am glad to hear about your son!\par
I took a trip to the big city and bought some much needed clothing                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your new clothing!\par
My parents are celebrating a golden anniversary                                                                                   I am happy for your parents golden anniversary!\par
I cracked a tooth                                                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your tooth!\par
I got a new pair of shoes and I love them                                                                                                 I am glad to hear you love your new shoes!\par
We had to repair the roof\'01 so we couldn't afford to go on vacation                                                                                   I am sorry that you didn't go on vacation!\par
My niece won the gingerbread house contest at school                                                                                   I am happy about the contest!\par
I ran into my high school bully when I went to an interview with them                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you ran into a bully!\par
I am coming down with the flu                                                                                                                     I am sad to hear your getting the flu!\par
Our baseball team won the championship game                                                                                   I am happy that your baseball team won!\par
My mom did my hair                                                                                                                                   I am glad your mom did your hair!\par
My college is combining with another and now my degree is no longer valid                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your degree isn't valid!\par
My flight is delayed six hours\'01 it looks like                                                                                                     I am sorry your flight is delayed!  \par
The turtle didn't make it across the road                                                                                               I am sad about the turtle!\par
I won a TV in the raffle                                                                                                                                     I am glad you won a tv!\par
My phone fell into the toilet and it's ruined now                                                                                   I am sorry your phone broke when it fell into the toilet!\par
She had to give the baby up                                                                                                                         I am sorry about the baby!\par
I won a free latte at starbucks                                                                                                                          I am happy you won a latte at Starbucks!\par
We want to rent out a big salong during our babtism and make it a dance hall for the guests                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you want to rent out a big salon!\par
I found fifty dollars in my purse                                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the fifty dollars!\par
My husband is cheating on me                                                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your husband!\par
The storm damaged the carport roof and the car                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your car!\par
I fell into a pile of dog poop                                                                                                                       I am sorry you fell in poop!\par
We built a swingset in the back yard for the kids                                                                                   I am glad to hear the kids have a swingset now!\par
I improved my diet to help my weight loss                                                                                                         I am glad you improved your diet!                \par
I'm so sick of all the junk email I get                                                                                                               I am sorry you are sick of the junk!\par
My student loans are finally paid off                                                                                                           I am glad to hear about the student loans!\par
I got a new high - score in Pac Man                                                                                                             I am glad about your high score!\par
I was forced to visit the soup kitchen for a hot meal this week                                                                                   I am sorry that you had to eat there! \par
I was complimented on my beard today                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your compliment!\par
My neck won't stop hurting                                                                                                                             I am sorry your neck is hurting!\par
My car needs a new transmission                                                                                                                I am sorry for your car!\par
I am the best in my archery class                                                                                                               I am happy you are good at archery!\par
My grandma just told me that my uncle is doing drugs again                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your uncle!\par
I just finished taking an important exam and I think I bombed it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your exam!\par
The preemie gained three pounds and he's going to be fine                                                                                   I am happy the preemie is going to be fine!\par
I got second place but I am still happy                                                                                                       I am glad to hear you are happy!\par
I missed the bus so I was late to work                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear you missed the bus!\par
I found my runaway daughter and she is home now\'01 safe and sound                                                                                   I am glad you find your daughter!\par
My favorite show was canceled                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your show!\par
I found out that I'm going to Disney World on my vacation                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your vacation!\par
The doctor had some bad news                                                                                                               I am sorry you got bad news!\par
The clothing I got from China was very poor quality                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your clothing was poor quality!\par
I went to the spa and got pampered                                                                                                        I am glad you went to the spa!\par
Kelsey surprised me with a cupcake                                                                                                                                        I am glad Kelsey surprised you!\par
Yesterday our grandmother passed away                                                                                                          I am sorry your grandmother died!\par
My professor laughed at an answer I gave today\'01 but it wasn't funny                                                                                   I am sorry your professor laughed at your answer!\par
The weather was gorgeous yesterday\'01 and we had a lot of fun at the park                                                                                   I am glad you enjoyed the park!\par
Our team won the best dressed award at the party this year                                                                                   I am happy your team won!\par
We are going on vacation next month                                                                                                         I am glad about your vacation!\par
I got a big hug from my daddy                                                                                                                      I am glad am so happy you got a hug from your dad!\par
I made bread today for the first time in my life\'01 and it turned out delicious                                                                                   I am glad to hear you made bread!\par
The new table I built fell apart the next day                                                                                           I am sorry the new table you built fell apart!\par
I had a great night of sleep                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about the sleep!          \par
The weather is so hot today                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about the weather!\par
I had so much fun at the party                                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about your party fun!\par
I broke my finger on my bike                                                                                                                 I am sorry you broke your finger!\par
My credit score dropped                                                                                                                         I am sorry about your credit score!\par
I was so nervous during the interview that my hands were visibly shaking                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you got nervous!\par
I woke up with a burning sensation                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about the burning sensation!\par
There were more people at the homeless shelter today because it is so cold outside                                                                                   I am sorry to hear there were more people today!\par
My mail came finally from Poland and my mom's present is here                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your mom's present!\par
Moving to be close to my family is the best decision I've made in a long time                                                                                   I am glad to hear that moving to be close to your family is the best decision!\par
I stepped in a puddle of happiness                                                                                                            I am glad you're happy!\par
My workmate called out and I'm going to have to stay on an extra 6 hours                                                                                   I am sorry you have to stay an extra 6 hours!\par
We had a tree come down in the storm last night and it destroyed the back deck                                                                                   I am sorry abut the tree!\par
My book is going to get published                                                                                                               I am happy for your book!\par
My arthritis is acting up                                                                                                                                I am sorry about your arthritis!\par
I finally have my car back from getting repaired and can use it for work                                                                                   I am glad you finally have your car back!\par
We started a garden this year                                                                                                                                           I am happy you started a garden!\par
The storm knocked the power out so now we don't have any heat                                                                                   I am sorry you don't have heat!\par
The chicken I ate was delicious                                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about the chicken!\par
The team was so happy to be recognized for hard work during the natural disaster                                                                                   I am glad the team was happy to be recognized!\par
I just finished taking an important exam and I felt like I did really well                                                                                   I am glad you feel like you did well!\par
My chair broke and I need to buy a new one                                                                                   I am sorry that your chair broke!\par
My mother was awarded best employee of the month                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your mother's award for the month!\par
I suffered food poisoning                                                                                                                            I am sorry you got sick!\par
I had a great conversation with someone I met at a bar                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your conversation!\par
Yesterday I interviewed for my dream job                                                                                                  I am happy about your interview!\par
My niece wore the cutest dress to the party and I took a ton of pictures                                                                                   I am glad you got to take pictures of your niece!\par
This morning I saw that someone had broken the side window of my car                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your side window is broken!\par
The day always seems a little brighter when you have a little more money\'01 I found 20 dollars on the ground                                                                                                                                I am glad to hear you found 20 dollars!\par
My mom surprised me by throwing a surprise party the week before my birthday                                                                                   I am glad your mom surprised you!\par
My credit card was declined                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about your credit card problems!\par
My computer quit working\'01 and now all of my data is lost                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the loss of your data!\par
I'm so happy because my loan was approved                                                                                               I am glad to hear about the approval!                 \par
We were angry and wanted answers                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear you were angry!\par
My husband lost his job and I don't know what we are going to do                                                                                   I am sad your husband lost his job!\par
I think my foot has necrosis                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your foot!\par
I got accepted for a small roll in a film                                                                                                    I am glad to hear you were accepted for a small film roll!\par
My dog passed away this morning                                                                                                            I am sorry about your dog's passing!\par
We had to put our older dog down to sleep                                                                                               I am sad about your older dog being put down!\par
My surgery went a lot better than I had expected                                                                                   I am happy your surgery went well!\par
My car didn't start this morning                                                                                                             I am sorry your car didn't start!\par
She lost her job during the recession                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear she lost her job!\par
My car got covered with bird poop                                                                                                        I am sorry for the bird poop on my car!\par
My sister and I went to the new restaurant in town and our meal was delicious                                                                                   I am happy your meal was delicious!\par
My support group really helped me work things through                                                                                   I am glad your support group really helped you!\par
I opened the oven just now and my pizza was burned to a crisp                                                                                   I am sorry that your pizza was burned!\par
Using coupon codes I got some great deals on household items that I needed                                                                                   I am happy that you got some new household items!\par
I scored exceptional on my yearly review                                                                                                  I am happy about your scoring!\par
They raised my insurance premium                                                                                                      I am sorry they raised your insurance!\par
I taught my dog some new tricks and she does them all perfectly                                                                                   I am glad you taught your dog new tricks!\par
I started a fire in the woods that got out of control                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the fire in the woods!\par
My boss told me the whole department is getting a thousand dollar Christmas bonus due to our outstanding performance this past year                                                                                             I am happy to hear about the christmas bonus!\par
A pretty girl asked me out on a date                                                                                                     I am glad you got asked out on a date!\par
My friend said something mean to me that made me cry                                                                                   I am sorry your friend made you cry!\par
I just found out I'm failing Chemisty                                                                                                         I am sorry about Chemistry!\par
i completed my house renovation\'01 the house looks amazing                                                                                   I am glad you like you house renovation!\par
I ate fruits today                                                                                                                                            I am glad you ate fruits!\par
they had to amputate my leg due to the infection                                                                                   I am sad that they had to amputate you led!\par
The fire destroyed three homes                                                                                                                   I am sorry the fire destroyed homes!\par
Grocery shopping is going to be a nightmare on Sunday                                                                                   I am sad shopping will be a nightmare!\par
My new phone fell into the bathtub                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your phone!\par
I love my new gym                                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about your new gym!\par
I got words today i'm getting promoted as a supervisor                                                                                   I am happy you got promoted!\par
Our wedding is just around the corner and I couldn't be more elated                                                                                   I am happy you're excited for your wedding!\par
Today the weather was horrible and I wasn't able to go outside                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you weren't able to go outside!\par
I thought someone was supposed to always be there to answer when you call 911                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you got no response to 911!\par
My honeymoon was fantastic                                                                                                                          I am glad to hear your honeymoon!\par
It rained during my entire vacation in Florida                                                                                              I am sorry it rained during your vacation!\par
She keeps lying to me                                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear she lies!\par
My body goal is getting closer                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you are taking charge!\par
My husband surprised me with flowers for no reason                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the flowers your husband surprised you with!\par
I learned how to ride a bike and it was a fun time                                                                                   I am happy you learned how to ride a bike!\par
My car rolled backwards into a tree today                                                                                               I am sorry that you crashed today!\par
I caught the flu from a coworker and had to skip class today                                                                                   I am sorry you caught the flu!\par
My employer found out I lied a little bit on my application                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were caught!\par
I forgot to turn off the oven and I burnt the cookies                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the cookies!\par
Popular music isn't what it used to be                                                                                                           I am sad popular music isn't how it was!\par
I stepped on a nail                                                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear you stepped on a nail!\par
I was not ready for the 5k and had to drop out                                                                                   I am sorry you were not ready for the 5K!\par
I can't believe our flight is delayed by 7 hours                                                                                        I am sorry that your flight has been delayed!\par
I bought a pinata for my son's birthday and am so excited for him to use it                                                                                   I am glad your excited to see your son use his new pinate you bought!\par
The company wanted to buy my ketchup recipe                                                                                   I am happy they want to buy it!\par
My husband was too late to keep the appointment for his interview                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your husband was too late for his interview!\par
I just spilled my entire coffee                                                                                                                         i am sad about your coffee!\par
I realized I don't have a spare tire                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear that you don't have a spare!\par
My car was broken into and my stereo was stolen                                                                                   I am sorry that someone stole the stereo out of your car!\par
I dropped the bottle of wine on the concrete                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about the broken wine bottle!\par
I won $ 200 today playing blackjack at the casino                                                                                   I am glad about your win!\par
There was a lot of good work to choose from today                                                                                   I am glad there was a lot of good work today!\par
I have been given a clean bill of health                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about your health!\par
I didn't have enough money to ride the bus today                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't have enough money for the bus!\par
I just got promoted                                                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about the new promotion!\par
I heard that I got the loan                                                                                                                       I am happy about your loan!\par
I just played soccer with my friends but I played really poorly and didn't have fun                                                                                   I am sorry you played soccer really poorly and didn't have fun!\par
I caught a homerun baseball at the game today                                                                                   I am happy you caught a homerun ball!\par
When I was driving\'01 some idiot cut me off                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about getting cut off!\par
My insurance ran out and I have no money                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear your insurance ran out!\par
My puppy gave me lots of cuddles                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about the cuddles!\par
We really enjoyed our stay at th mountain lodge                                                                                   I am happy for your stay!\par
My roommate dropped out of school and left me with all of the rent to pay                                                                                   I am sorry your roommate left you with all of the rent to pay!\par
Someone is trying to kill my sister                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear someone is trying to kill sister!\par
My son in law's a first round draft pick for NBA                                                                                   I am glad to hear your son in law is a first round draft pick!\par
I got a great book today                                                                                                                            I am glad about your book!\par
I reconnected with an old friend on social media                                                                                   I am glad you reconnected with an old friend!\par
One more day until we leave for our vacation                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the vacation!\par
My dog threw up on my bed last night                                                                                                I am sorry to hear your dog is sick!\par
The leg on my chair broke and now I have to use this uncomfortable one                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your chair!\par
I am so excited to be a grandmother this fall                                                                                            I am glad you are so excited to be a grandmother!\par
I crashed my car from driving on ice today                                                                                              I am sorry you crashed your car! \par
I couldn't remember my password and now I'm locked out                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you couldn't remember your password!\par
I went to a comedy club and had a great night of laughter                                                                                   I am glad you went to a comedy club!\par
It really brightens up may day                                                                                                                 I am glad to lean about your day!\par
Everyone here had a frown on their faces                                                                                              I am sorry to hear everyone there was frowning!\par
I failed the final and now I'm going be a junior for the second year in a row                                                                                   I am sorry you failed the final and have to redo your year!\par
I forgot the deadline                                                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about the deadline!\par
I found out I'm eligible for a free phone upgrade                                                                                   I am glad to hear you're eligible for a free phone upgrade!\par
My back started hurting after the accident                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your back!\par
I was in a head - on collision and broke my collarbone                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your broken collar bone!\par
I never seem to have enough money to pay all of my bills                                                                                   I am sorry you never seem to have enough money!\par
I need to get fillings in my teeth                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear you need fillings!\par
I won a trip to France in a lottery                                                                                                                 I am glad you won a trip to France!\par
My grandfather died today                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about your grandfather!\par
The hurricane tore my roof off                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your roof!\par
I was suspended at work because of some disagreement                                                                                   I am sorry you were suspended at work!\par
My oriental rug that I just bought turned out to be 80 % off                                                                                   I am glad your rug turned out to be 80 % off!\par
There are plenty of individuals out there that are humble and respectful with his same upbringing but he just has a terrible attitude                                                                                              I am sorry about his attitude!\par
It looks like I might have a gotten a parasite while I was in Delhi                                                                                   I am sorry you got a parasite!\par
I've had the hiccups for over an hour and it's giving me a headache                                                                                   I am sad that you've had hiccups for over an hour!\par
I met a girl at a rock concert and we started dating                                                                                   I am glad to hear you're dating!\par
I finally got my car running                                                                                                                       I am glad you got your car running!\par
I got such a great deal on that laptop I wanted                                                                                   I am glad you got such a great deal!\par
Tonight I have no homework so I can watch Netflix and chill                                                                                   I am glad you can chill!\par
I was fired from my job for arguing with my boss                                                                                   I am sorry that you were fired!\par
Yesterday I couldn't get the food I wanted delivered                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't get the food!\par
I forgot to bring my documents to the interview and couldn't accept the job today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the interview!\par
the moving company broke my TV                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about your TV!\par
Some kids came by and destroyed my mailbox with a baseball bat                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your mailbox!\par
I lost my wallet this afternoon                                                                                                                             I am sorry you lost your wallet!\par
My dog died                                                                                                                                                      I am sorry your dog died!\par
My brother died yesterday                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear your brother died!\par
I got burned on the stove                                                                                                                            I am sorry you got burnt!\par
She sent me roses and a thank you card                                                                                                      I am happy she sent you roses and a card!\par
My health is in decline these days                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your health!\par
I finished my Masters Degree Program                                                                                                         I am happy that you finished your Masters!\par
I forgot to set the clock and was late for work\'01 again                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were late!\par
The chair I refurbished came out great                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about the chair!\par
I finally mastered one of my favorite tunes on guitar                                                                                   I am glad you mastered one of your favorite tunes!\par
The power went out and the food in my freezer thawed                                                                                   I am sad the food thawed and power went out!\par
The family reunion was a joyous occasion                                                                                                   I am glad about the reunion!\par
So\'01 yesterday I found out that my girlfriend had been cheating on me this whole time                                                                                   I am sad to hear about your cheating girlfried!\par
I just saw the best movie ever                                                                                                               I am glad you saw the movie!\par
I am looking forward to seeing the play I won tickets for                                                                                   I am happy you won tickets to the play!\par
I have a cold and feel horrible                                                                                                                    I am sorry you have a cold!\par
Spending a night at home alone isn't the worst thing                                                                                   I am glad you spent at home!\par
My hairstylist moved away                                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about your hairstylist!\par
My stupid brother got arrested -- again                                                                                                        I am sorry that your brother got arrested!\par
My friend showed me how to make better tacos and now they come out perfect                                                                                   I am glad your tacos are better than ever!\par
My parents made reservations at the French Laundry for my birthday                                                                                   I am glad you got reservations at the French Laundry!\par
It was a great day today\'01 I spent it at the park with my dad and mom                                                                                   I am glad to hear\'01 i am happy for you!\par
People think my acne is ugly                                                                                                                    I am sorry people think your ugly!\par
I went to McDonalds today and got my favorite meal                                                                                   I am glad you went to McDonalds!\par
We're going to hold the family reunion at Disney World                                                                                   I am happy you're going to Disney World!\par
My mom beat breast cancer and is a survivor                                                                                             I am happy to hear about your mom!\par
I am rich beyond my wildest dreams                                                                                                         I am glad you're rich!\par
This is my favorite time of day                                                                                                                  I am glad its your favortie time of day!\par
My first time making onion dip was a huge success                                                                                   I am glad to hear making onion dip was a success!\par
The test I took had no wrong answers on it at all                                                                                   I am glad to hear you did well!\par
I got a bonus at work today                                                                                                                      i am happy about your bounus!\par
I can't wait to take this new car for a test drive                                                                                   I am glad to hear you want to take a test drive!\par
I have reached my goal weight                                                                                                                 i am glad you reached your goal!\par
Yoga class was downright blissful this morning                                                                                   I am happy about yoga class!\par
Today I ate only healthy food                                                                                                                   I am glad that your eating healthy!\par
I could barely stand up                                                                                                                                   I am sad you could barely stand!\par
The new fan I bought for my room works much better than my old one                                                                                   I am glad you got a new fan!\par
I was able to get a free upgrade for my phone                                                                                   I am glad to hear about you getting a free upgrade!\par
I lost my home because I could not make the mortgage payment                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the mortgage - payment caused loss of your home!\par
My mom's wedding dress tore while we were moving things from her attic                                                                                   I am sorry you mom's wedding dress tore!\par
I accidentally sent an email to my mother that was meant for someone else                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the email!\par
Looks like our relationship is finally over                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about the relationship ending!\par
We drove all the way up there only to be told that they were sold out                                                                                   I am sorry you drove up there only for it to be sold out!\par
I slipped on ice outside                                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you slipped on ice!\par
Did you hear Mark bought a new house                                                                                                     I am glad for Mark!\par
There were some old bonds in a box in the attic\'01 and they're worth a fortune                                                                                   I am happy to hear about the old bonds!\par
The warning light started going off                                                                                                        I am sorry about the light!\par
The clerk at the post office was whistling happy songs today                                                                                   I am glad the clerk was happy!\par
This is an amazing hotel room they gave us                                                                                              I am glad to hear about your room!\par
I could not spend Sunday with the family due to an emergency at work                                                                                   I am sad you had an emergency!\par
Though she had been very ill\'01 she is doing absolutely great today                                                                                   I am glad she is doing great!\par
I just got a promotion in my place of work to a senior role with bigger pay and bonus                                                                                   I am glad about your promotion!\par
He enjoys his new workout routine and looks forward to starting each morning                                                                                   I am glad he enjoys his new workout routine!\par
My mom told me she loves me                                                                                                                   I am glad about your mom!\par
I found a twenty dollar bill on the sidewalk this morning                                                                                   I am happy you found a twenty dollar bill!\par
My salt shaker fell of the table and broke                                                                                                          I am sad to hear that your salt shaker broke!\par
My grandfather died yesterday                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about your grandfather!\par
We reached the summit in time to watch the sun set                                                                                   I am glad you reached the summit in time!\par
My speaker blew last week so now I can't listen to music                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you can't listen to music!\par
The dish I was washing broke and gave me a huge cut on my hand                                                                                   I am sorry i was washing broke and gave me a huge cut on my hand!\par
Went to the local pub last night and had a great time                                                                                   I am glad to hear about having a good time at the pub!\par
My friend's dog ran out the back door when I wasn't looking                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your friend's dog ran out the back door!\par
The line to Starbucks was way too long                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear the line was too long!\par
My earrings look wonderful                                                                                                                      I am glad that you think they're wonderful!\par
They were giving out free ice cream on the beach today                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the free ice cream!\par
One of my employees just informed me her mother passed away suddenly                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your employee's mother!\par
I slipped on the ice this morning and hurt my back                                                                                   I am sad you slipped on the ice!\par
No one knew how the fire started                                                                                                            I am sorry about the fire!\par
We are going out for dinner after graduation                                                                                                    I am glad to hear you are going for dinner!\par
Our play was a big success                                                                                                                       I am glad the play was successful!\par
I got everything I wanted for Christmas                                                                                                          I am glad you got everything you wanted!\par
My bicycle seems to have a flat tire in it and I won't be able to use it today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your bicycle has a flat!\par
There was no way getting around what I had done                                                                                   I am sad you have no way to get around that!\par
I am finally pregnant after years of trying                                                                                                         I am happy your pregnant!\par
She met a great guy last night                                                                                                                I am happy she met a great guy!\par
My borther proposed to his girlfriend and she said yes                                                                                   I am glad your brother is engaged!\par
I proposed to my girlfriend this morning and she accepted                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your engagement!\par
My friend from high school who I really missed found me on Facebook and we're going for coffee tomorrow                                                                                                                                        I am happy that your friend from high school found you on Facebook!\par
My boss called it an early day so I was able to go to the movies this afternoon                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you went to the movie!\par
She was inducted into the Hall of Fame yesterday                                                                                   I am happy for her!\par
My dog won the best in show                                                                                                                                I am happy to hear your dog won!\par
I saw the two dogs nipping at the scared kitten                                                                                   I am sad about the scared kitten!\par
The pharmacist told me that the price for my next refill was going to cost twice as much as this one                                                                                                                                                        I am sad that your refils are doubling in price!\par
I was chosen as best writer                                                                                                                            I am glad about your new role!\par
My neighbor keeps stealing my morning newspaper                                                                                   I am sorry about your newspaper!\par
I missed the train this morning and ended up late to work                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the missed train and being late for work!\par
I was able to meet my favorite author at a very small book signing in my hometown                                                                                   I am happy you met your favorite author!\par
I'm taking the kids camping at Yosemite for their graduation                                                                                   I am happy you're taking the kids camping!\par
I hurt my back doing deadlifts in the gym                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear you hurt your back!\par
I found shoes the exact right color to go with my dress                                                                                   I am glad you found matching shoes for your dress!\par
My chickens are doing much better with this new feed                                                                                   I am glad your chickens are doing better!\par
I have been given a car as a birthday present                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about your present!\par
I got caught drinking while underage from my mom                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you got caught from your mom!\par
I got a free popcorn upgrade at the movies for being a loyal customer                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you got free popcorn upgrade!\par
My sister took me to Universal Studios yesterday and I got to ride on the tram                                                                                   I am glad you got to ride on the tram!\par
I caught him cheating again                                                                                                                             I am sad about him being caught cheating!\par
I got in a bad ATV accident and really messed up my leg                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you messed up your leg!\par
I went to the store and saved 30 dollars off of my 50 dollar order                                                                                   I am glad you went to the store and saved money!\par
I came in last at the local darts competition                                                                                                I am sorry to hear you came in last!\par
I was turned down at my fourth job interview this week                                                                                   I am sad you were turned down!\par
My favorite show just got renewed for a third season                                                                                   I am glad your show got a third season!\par
I gained 50 pounds since last year                                                                                                                  I am sorry you gained weight!\par
The car I ordered turned out to be the wrong kind completely                                                                                   i am sorry you got the wrong car!\par
I need to use the ladder to fix the roof but I forgot it is at the neighbors                                                                                   I am sorry you need to use a ladder to fix the roof!\par
There's a raccoon spreading trash across the yard                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the yard!\par
It sounds like I got the scholarship                                                                                                              I am happy you got the scholarship!\par
I got a great return from the investment                                                                                                        I am glad you got a great return!\par
I accidentally spilled soda on my laptop and now it's dead                                                                                   I am sorry your laptop is dead!\par
I got a note from my crush at school                                                                                                               I am glad to hear you got a note from your crush!\par
I enjoyed going out to eat with friends                                                                                                        I am glad you enjoyed it!\par
today very bad day                                                                                                                                      I am sorry about your bad day!\par
My logo design was really well received at the company I submitted it to                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your logo acceptance!\par
I feel like the devil is inside of me                                                                                                                 I am sad that you feel the devil is in you!\par
My parents will visit me at school                                                                                                            I am glad your parents will visit you!\par
The zipper on my jacket broke                                                                                                                    I am sorry for the zipper!\par
Today\'01 a shopkeeper told me he liked my fashion sense                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the shopkeeper!\par
I am typically an anxious person                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear that you are anxious!\par
We got our new puppy today                                                                                                                   I am happy you got a puppy!\par
Someone lied and said that I stole from them even though I had never seen them before                                                                                   I am sorry for the lie!\par
My favorite pen snapped in two                                                                                                                 I am sorry about your pen!\par
Today I cooked pizza for the first time and it turned out pretty good                                                                                   I am happy you had success with your pizza!\par
My husband cheated on me with my sister last week                                                                                   I am sorry your husband cheated on you!\par
The coupons that I was going to buy my groceries with all expired                                                                                   I am sad you didn't get the deals at the store!\par
I got stood up at the altar                                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear you got stood up!\par
This morning I woke up at 8 AM like I was planning and I was able to get out of bed                                                                                   I am glad you made it in time!\par
The baby was born with no complications                                                                                                       I am glad there were no complications with the birth!\par
I broke my leg as I was going down the stars                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about your leg!\par
Our offer was accepted                                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about the offer!\par
My boss was happy that I was not late                                                                                                         I am glad you weren't late!\par
I got in a wreck this afternoon and my insurance policy had just expired                                                                                   I am sorry you got in a wreck without your insurance!\par
My babysitter called and cancelled at the last minute                                                                                   I am sorry to the babysitter cancelled!\par
I bought a new hard drive\'01 so now I can install all the PC games I want                                                                                   I am glad you bought a hard drive!\par
I went to the thrift store and found some really good deals                                                                                   I am happy you found the good deals!\par
I forgot my phone at home and had to go back for it                                                                                   I am sorry you left your phone behind!\par
He was very nervous at his audition and didn't get the part                                                                                   I am sorry about the part!\par
I joined a new church                                                                                                                                      I am glad you joined a church!\par
I just found out that my husband spent all of our savings in the casinos                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your savings!\par
I got that dress I wanted on sale at half the original price                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got the dress!\par
Our crowdsourcing venture just netted us an extra 5,000 dollars                                                                                   I am happy that your crowdsourcing venture netted 5,000 dollars!\par
My new bag arrived this morning                                                                                                             I am glad to hear your new bag arrived! \par
I just came home from the new restaurant but the food was terrible                                                                                   I am sorry the food was terrible!\par
I'm not looking forward to facing the crowd at the funeral                                                                                   I am sorry about the crowd at the funeral!\par
The show I like ended on a bad cliffhanger                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear that the show ended on a bad cliffhanger!\par
That kid from Dallas signed a commitment letter to come play quarterback for us next season                                                                                                                                                                I am glad about the kid from Dallas!\par
I've finally saved enough money to go on my dream vacation                                                                                   I am glad you saved enough money for your vacation!\par
I won the game of checkers once again                                                                                                        I am happy you won!\par
My child is being bullied by kids online                                                                                                     I am sorry your child is being bullied!\par
I Just got a perfect score on my final exam                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about the perfect exam!\par
I got first place in a dance competition and won $ 1000                                                                                   I am glad to hear you won!\par
Someone is beating my grandmother                                                                                                             I am sorry for your grandmother!\par
I met a cute woman at the market                                                                                                             I am happy you met someone cute!\par
I got a bonus for my work on a special project                                                                                   I am happy for you getting that bonus!\par
In the mail today I received a refund check from the IRS                                                                                   I am glad you got your refund!\par
This new computer side table I bought is really great                                                                                   I am happy the computer side table is great!\par
My uncle passed away over the weekend                                                                                                     I am sorry your uncle passed away!\par
I bought some tools for the house that were half price                                                                                   I am happy for the tools you bought!\par
I just scored some concert tickets to see my favorite singer                                                                                   I am happy you got concert tickets!\par
my company is celebrating 10 years anniversary                                                                                   I am happy your company is celebrating 10 years!\par
I created a new chicken recipe that is out of this world                                                                                   I am happy you created a new chicken recipe!\par
My pie fell as I took it out of the oven                                                                                                           I am sad your pie fell when you took it from the oven!\par
She begged them to give her some money for food                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about her having to beg!\par
I overheard someone I considered a friend saying they couldn't stand me                                                                                   I am sorry about your friend!\par
I pulled the winning tab                                                                                                                                     I am glad you won!\par
I can not believe that I lost my ring                                                                                                             I am sorry about your ring!\par
I don't hang out with enough people                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about your friendships!\par
My tablet that I ordered finally arrived just now                                                                                   I am glad your tablet finally arrived!\par
I don't have to work this Saturday\'01 so I am gon na do a happy dance                                                                                   I am glad that you don't have to work this Saturday!\par
My flight was delayed for two hours                                                                                                                            I am sorry your flight was delayed!\par
I won a drawing at work                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear you won!\par
I just found out my husband gambled away our entire savings                                                                                   I am sorry that your husband lost your savings!\par
Two strange dogs bit me today                                                                                                                I am sorry you got bit!\par
The cop let me off with a warning                                                                                                         I am glad it was only a warning!\par
My daughter is addicted to pain killers                                                                                                         I am sad your daughter is an addict!\par
I had to clean my house all weekend instead of doing anything fun                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get to do anything fun!\par
I saved five dollars at the grocery store today                                                                                            I am happy to hear about your savings!\par
My dog got out and I can't find him anywhere                                                                                   I am sorry about your dog!\par
The children were so happy to adopt a dog                                                                                              I am glad to hear that the children were happy!\par
I felt like I had tried enough and could not keep up the charade any longer                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't keep it up!\par
I saw a beautiful girl on the sidewalk today and I smiled at her\'01 and she smiled back                                                                                   I am glad you saw a beautiful girl on the sidewalk!\par
The dry cleaners ruined my new cashmere sweater                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your ruined sweater!\par
She couldn't enjoy her vacation because the poverty of the locals was too depressing                                                                                   I am sad that her vacation was not enjoyable!\par
I walked into a phone booth today in front of this guy I really like                                                                                   I am sad to hear that you got into a phone booth when there was a guy you really like!\par
My request for travel funds from work was denied                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your travel funds were denied!\par
My son had a perfect report card                                                                                                                I am glad your sons report card is perfect!\par
I feel down the stairs at work and my knee still hurts                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your knee!\par
I got a parking ticket that cost me $ 100                                                                                                        I am sorry about the parking ticket!\par
I just got accepted into my dream university                                                                                               I am glad to hear you got accepted!\par
I got a F on my final today                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear you got a F!\par
I landed the biggest client of my career today over lunch                                                                                   I am glad to hear you landed the client!\par
Hot tubs soothe sore muscles                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear tubs sooth muscles!\par
The roads were icy and I slid and got into a car accident                                                                                   I am sorry about your car accident!\par
I'm so mad because my employer will not let me take the holiday off                                                                                   I am sorry that you can't take the holiday off!\par
I got two front row tickets to see Guster in March                                                                                   I am glad you got two front row tickets to Guster!\par
Today I went to the gym and hit a new personal record for bench press                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your fitness record!\par
I think my brother is going to get married                                                                                            I am happy for your brother!\par
I just left the doctors office with a clean bill of health                                                                                   I am happy you have a clean bill of health!\par
Waking up next to you feels so good                                                                                                          I am glad that it feels good!\par
I puked on my best friend                                                                                                                                I am sorry you puked on your friend!\par
I fell going down the stairs and sprained my ankle                                                                                   I am sorry you sprained your ankle on the stairs!\par
I got a second job and can relax a little bit now                                                                                   I am happy you got that job!\par
I burned my dinner tonight because I forgot it was in the oven                                                                                   I am sad that your dinner was burned!\par
All of the beaches are closed due to sharks                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about the beaches!\par
The woman I work for is giving me a promotion                                                                                   I am happy you got a promotion!\par
My dog was never found after being missing for a month                                                                                   I am sorry about your dog!\par
When I was with Sally at the comedy club\'01 I don't think I ever laughed so hard in my life                                                                                   I am glad that you enjoyed the club!\par
I fell and broke my ankle                                                                                                                                     I am sorry about your broken ankle!\par
I loved watching the whales in the ocean                                                                                                    I am glad you loved watching whales!\par
I owe $ 2000 for my taxes this year                                                                                                             I am sorry about your tax situation!\par
Today i was supposed to eat healthy but I went to McDonald's instead                                                                                   I am sorry you went to McDonald's!\par
He got food poisoning from eating undercooked crab at the buffet last night                                                                                   I am sad he got food poisoning!\par
My daughter broke one of my favorite figurines                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your figurine!\par
The test recipe for the chili contest was delicious                                                                                   I am happy you enjoyed the chili!\par
After an hour had past\'01 I just realize that the pizza guy had given me less change                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you getting less change!\par
There was nothing left to eat by the time I got home                                                                                   I am sorry nothing was left!\par
I long for the past                                                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about your current situation!\par
The gift was wrapped in my favorite colors                                                                                                   I am happy about your gift!\par
She was very helpful and completely sweet                                                                                                  I am happy she was really sweet and helpful!\par
I just won the lottery                                                                                                                                      i am happy about won!\par
We never fell out of love                                                                                                                           I am happy you never fell out of love!\par
I really enjoyed my shooping trip in Mexico                                                                                                  I am glad you really enjoyed your shopping trip!\par
We flew kites in the park                                                                                                                        I am glad you flew kites!\par
The rides at the fair were a lot of fun                                                                                                     I am glad the rides were fun!\par
The cancer is in remission                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about the remission!\par
My dog threw up all over the bed                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about your dog's bed throw up!\par
I found out that my 17 year old is on drugs                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about your 17 year old on drugs!\par
I am having a hard time finding affordable insurance                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that finding affordable insurance is hard!\par
I went for a run in the morning and it made me feel so refreshed                                                                                   I am glad to hear you feel refreshed!\par
I missed my freeway exit and was late to my interview                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were late to your interview!\par
We made a down payment on a new vacation condo today                                                                                   I am happy you made a down payment!\par
My trip to the mountains was cancelled last minute                                                                                   I am sad that your trip is cancelled!\par
The TV stand I was gon na buy increased in price from $ 200 to $ 300                                                                                   I am sorry about your tv!\par
Anwar finally started bonding with his therapist                                                                                   I am glad that Anwar finally started bonding!\par
I bonded with my new stepson by going to the circus                                                                                   I am glad you bonded with your stepson!\par
I won the contest for best mural for black history month                                                                                   I am happy you won the contest!\par
My small business has seen a substantial increase in revenue                                                                                   I am happy your business is doing so well!\par
I didn't realize the flight had a complementary lunch                                                                                   I am glad you got the complementary lunch!\par
I was very excited that I got a raise today                                                                                                    I am glad to hear you got a raise!\par
I got sick after going on a roller coaster that went both forward and backward                                                                                   I am sorry you got sick!\par
I took a cool swim in a lake on a hot day                                                                                                  I am glad to hear you took a cool swim!\par
It feels so nice to be home after a long trip                                                                                                 I am glad to hear that it feels nice to be home!\par
I made the all star team\'01 but broke my arm during practice and now I can't participate                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about broke arm!\par
I was able to find my glasses                                                                                                                  I am glad you found your glasses!\par
My company didn't get the contract and I think I'm going to get pink slipped this week                                                                                   I am sorry about the contract not going through!\par
I went blueberry picking the other day and scored a large amount of them                                                                                   I am happy to hear about the blueberries!\par
I ran the marathon in record time                                                                                                            I am glad you did well in the marathon!\par
My mom left me a really sweet note on the refrigerator                                                                                   I am glad your mom left you a sweet note!\par
I just read that my favorite t.v. show got cancelled                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your show was cancelled!\par
I didn't make it to Julie's play                                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear you did not make it to julie's play!\par
My husband bought new pots and pans for the kitchen and I love them                                                                                   I am glad you liked the pots and pans!\par
My friend cancelled our plans for this weekend                                                                                   I am sorry your plans got cancelled!\par
I was able to climb the stairs today without getting breathless                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you can climb the stairs!\par
I won 20 dollars at bingo                                                                                                                          I am happy that you won 20 dollars!\par
A friend came by and helped me shovel the snow out of my driveway                                                                                   I am glad you both shoveled the snow out of your driveway!\par
I got my wish and became prom queen                                                                                                    I am happy you're prom queen!\par
My anxiety makes it to where sleeping can be tough                                                                                   I am sorry for the anxiety!\par
My husband lost his job so we have no health insurance                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your insurance!\par
I hate the way my hair looks today                                                                                                                  I am sorry for your hair!\par
I got a job                                                                                                                                                      I am glad about the job!\par
I was overwhelmed with grief                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear that you were overwhelmed!\par
The goods I bought online were sent to a wrong address                                                                                   I am sorry the goods you bought got lost!\par
My parents will visit me in another country                                                                                         I am glad to hear your parents will visit you!\par
I find that combination of flavors revolting                                                                                          I am sorry you find that revolting!\par
When I went to buy chicken wings at the store they were all out                                                                                   I am sorry they were out of chicken wings!\par
My daughter had a miscarriage over the weekend                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your daughter having a miscarriage!\par
my son chocked on food this morning                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about your son chocking!\par
My grand daughter was diagnosed with leukemia                                                                                   I am sorry am so sorry to hear that!\par
I just found a great new cafe for lunch                                                                                                       I am happy you found a new cafe!\par
I was running late to work and punctured my tire                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the tire while going to work!\par
I spent all my money on a pair of shoes and did not pay bills                                                                                   I am sorry that you bought shoes and didn't pay bills!\par
I have been spoiled in a good way                                                                                                             I am glad to hear you've been spoiled!\par
My tires keep losing air and I'm not sure what is going on                                                                                   I am sorry about your tires!\par
I went through that entire drawer of batteries and every single one was dead                                                                                   I am sorry about the batteries!\par
I just got a huge\'01 unexpected bonus on Mechanical Turk                                                                                   I am happy about your bonus!\par
I was sitting there when my husband woke up from his coma and smiled at me                                                                                   I am happy to hear he woke up!\par
I lost an earring while skating with my friends                                                                                                I am sorry you lost your earring!\par
I'm looking forward to a relaxing weekend                                                                                                   I am glad about your weekend ahead!\par
the party organized for me was great                                                                                                        I am glad the party was great!\par
I booked my first spa day with the money from my new raise                                                                                   I am glad to hear you booked a spa day with the raise!\par
The server at work was hacked                                                                                                                        i am sad you were hacked\'01!\par
THe guy I'm dating makes the best sushi                                                                                                I am happy your boyfriend makes good sushi!\par
I was proud to see all of the family that made it out to the reunion                                                                                   I am glad the family made it to the reunion!\par
My favorite show premieres tonight                                                                                                        I am glad about your show!\par
I found out that I get to craft and relax all day                                                                                   I am glad you get to craft and relax all day!\par
I can't believe we were able to pet the dolphin                                                                                   I am glad about the dolphin!\par
It rained all day and the wedding party was drenched                                                                                   I am sorry about the party!\par
I ate the most delicious breakfast with my husband today                                                                                   I am glad to hear you are breakfast!\par
My grandmother is coming to stay here\'01 she hasn't been doing very well                                                                                   I am sorry about your grandmother!\par
My mom sent me the prettiest stationary for my birthday                                                                                   I am glad your mom sent you stationery!\par
I just read that Trump got caught in another lie                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you were reading about Trump lying!\par
My tax refund came in and it's a lot smaller than I thought it would be                                                                                   I am sorry about the small tax refund!\par
my husband bought me a car as my push present                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your push present!\par
I loved playing with the puppies at the adoption fair                                                                                   I am happy you played with puppies!\par
After I heard the news that my grandmother was dying\'01 I cried for days                                                                                   I am sorry about the news of your grandmother dying!\par
That movie made me feel depressed and gloomy                                                                                   I am sad the movie made you feel that way!\par
The kids had a great time at the bounce house                                                                                   I am glad to hear the kids had a great time!\par
It's hard to please some people                                                                                                              I am sad that people are hard to please!\par
I feel like a winner in my own mind                                                                                                          I am glad you feel like a winner!\par
I argued with my best friend over him                                                                                                           I am sorry that you had an argument!\par
These kids are driving me insane                                                                                                                    I am sorry about the kids!\par
I won the lottery                                                                                                                                        I am happy about your lottery win!\par
My new job comes with two weeks paid vacation                                                                                   I am glad about your new job!\par
My friend invited me to have dinner with her next week                                                                                   I am happy your friend invited you to dinner!\par
I have lost forty pounds on my new diet                                                                                                       I am happy you lost forty pounds!\par
I can't find my coffee mug that I use every day                                                                                   I am sad you can't find your coffee mug!\par
The little girl saved her for 2 years and was able to get her first puppy                                                                                   I am happy the girl got her first puppy!\par
I went to the hospital with a kidney infection and wound up catching pneumonia                                                                                   I am sorry that you caught pneumonia!\par
We closed the client deal this morning and signed a huge contract with them                                                                                   I am happy you closed the deal!\par
The cancer has returned                                                                                                                          I am sorry the cancer returned!\par
I finally got a chance to paint my apartment                                                                                                I am glad your apartment got painted!\par
I got a shiny new stapler                                                                                                                           I am glad to hear about your stapler!\par
I won $ 10 from a scratch - off lottery ticket                                                                                                 I am glad you won $ 10!\par
my father has been declared cancer free by his doctor                                                                                   i am happy to hear that!\par
I'm so excited to tell everyone about my promotion                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the promotion!\par
My son crashed his bike and had to get stitches                                                                                   I am sorry your son had to get stitches!\par
I got a great new bedroom set on sale                                                                                                            I am glad you got a new bedroom set!\par
The pipes in the basement just burst                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your basement!\par
There are no more brownies in the pantry\'01 who ate them                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the brownies are gone!\par
I got what I wanted for my birthday                                                                                                           I am glad you got what you wanted!\par
I found the most amazing perfume today that has all the notes I love the most                                                                                   I am happy you found an amazing perfume today!\par
I could not finish the timed test in time                                                                                                       I am sorry you did not finish!\par
My boss is having surgery for a mass on her brain\'01 I'm really worried                                                                                   I am sorry for your boss!\par
I felt so happy today for no real reason                                                                                                        I am happy to hear that you felt so happy today!\par
My husbands new business is doing very well                                                                                              I am glad the business is doing well!\par
My peach cobbler fell out of my hands when I was taking it out of the oven today                                                                                   I am sorry your peach cobbler fell out of your hands!\par
I won the hot dog eating contest                                                                                                                I am glad to hear you won the contest!\par
After a bad breakup I was depressed for a long time                                                                                   I am sorry about your breakup!\par
Looking forward to Jazz fest we already bought tickets                                                                                   I am glad you have tickets!\par
There is mold growing on my shower curtain                                                                                               I am sorry about the mold!\par
The store was sold out of the bread I wanted                                                                                              I am sorry the store was sold out of bread!\par
My friend sent me a beautiful card for no reason                                                                                   I am glad that your friend send you a card!\par
I injured my shoulder yesterday and just found out I need surgery                                                                                   I am sorry you injured your shoulder yesterday!\par
Today I finished reading my book and I feel like I learned a lot                                                                                   I am glad you finished reading your book!\par
My home was damaged by the hurricane                                                                                                  I am sorry your home was damaged!\par
I like spending time with my best friend                                                                                                 I am glad to hear about you and your best friend!\par
I just spent my last dollar                                                                                                                           I am sorry about your dollar!\par
I went out to the bar tonight and made some new friends                                                                                   I am glad you made some new friends!\par
In appreciation for hard work and a good year the company gave us a nice gourmet dinner                                                                                   i am glad the company gave you a great meal!\par
My friends upset because she was not invited to the party                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your friend is upset!\par
Even after I apologized for flirting with his friend\'01 my boyfriend told me he didn't want to see me again                                                                                                                                                     I am sorry your boyfriend said that to you!\par
My father was diagnosed with cancer                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about your dad!\par
I don't know how to drive in the slow and just skidded really badly                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about skidding on the road today!\par
I couldn't wait for that boring movie to end                                                                                                  I am sorry that boring movie took long to end!\par
My crush agreed to go out for dinner with me                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your crush!\par
I just cleaned the house and it feels so nice                                                                                                 I am glad cleaning your house feels so nice!\par
It's good to imagine myself being a kid again                                                                                               I am happy for the imagination!\par
My oven caught on fire while I was cooking dinner                                                                                   I am sad your kitchen caught fire!\par
Going to rest all weekend                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you resting!\par
I almost died in the wreck                                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear you almost died!\par
I had to have my car repaired\'01 so I couldn't afford any Christmas present this year                                                                                   I am sorry you can't afford Christmas presents!\par
Mom made mu absolute favorite soup for lunch                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your lunch!\par
My husband got a great promotion                                                                                                               I am happy your husband was promoted!\par
It seems that my dog is never coming home                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about your dog!\par
I suffered a food allergy attack\'01 I had to go to the emergency                                                                                   I am sorry you had to go to emergency!\par
That picture I picked up at the flea market turned out to be worth a fortune                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the picture being worth a fortune!\par
I lost my ticket right before I was supposed to board the airplane                                                                                   I am sad you lost your boarding pass!\par
My dinner was great                                                                                                                                     I am happy dinner was great!\par
I was able to go to church last week                                                                                                            I am happy you went to church!\par
My daughter's teacher warned me that she was falling behind her classmates this year                                                                                   I am sorry your daughter is falling behind!\par
I found a $ 100.00 bill on the sidewalk this morning                                                                                   I am glad you found a $ 100.00 bill!\par
Unfortunately\'01 I lost my best friend to lung disease                                                                                   I am sad you lost your friend!\par
I passed my drug test at the probation office today                                                                                   I am glad you passed your test!\par
I can't wait to go see the fireworks this weekend                                                                                   I am glad about the fireworks!\par
My internet cut out so I couldn't do anything fun all day                                                                                   I am sorry that you couldn't do anything!\par
My head feels like it's going to explode                                                                                                    I am sorry your head feels like it will explode!\par
I won the office contest for best decorated cubicle                                                                                   I am happy you won the contest!\par
We just found out\'01 my grandson is going to have to repeat the second grade                                                                                   I am sorry about your grandson!\par
My sister was diagnosed with Lymphon stage 4                                                                                   I am sorry your sister got cancer!\par
I made meatballs last night\'01 I followed a new recipe and it's the best one yet                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your meatballs!\par
I threw up all over myself in public                                                                                                       I am sorry you got sick in public!                 \par
My professor praised me today                                                                                                                     I am glad that you received praise!\par
I can't believe I actually got a puppy for Christmas                                                                                   I am happy you got a puppy!\par
My new job as four weeks of paid vacation                                                                                           I am happy you have paid vacation!\par
My brother bought me a new computer                                                                                                I am happy you got a new computer!\par
I found a dollar                                                                                                                                          I am happy you found that!\par
Trey was cheating on me                                                                                                                            I am sorry about that!\par
I had to pay a lot of money for a tow and a new set of wheels                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you had to pay so much for the tow!\par
This time I really suffered the consequences                                                                                                I am sorry you suffered the consequences!\par
The roast was in the oven too long and dried out                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the roast!\par
My microwave won't work anymore                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your microwave!\par
It was nice walking my dog in the park this afternoon                                                                                   I am glad you liked walking your dog!\par
Today\'01 I got an award for excellent service to my community                                                                                   I am happy about your award!\par
My best friend from college just told me she's got cancer                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that sad news!\par
Today I went grocery shopping and meant to ask the cashier for her phone number\'01 but she said no                                                                                                                                                              I am sorry she said no!\par
I got praised by my boss at work                                                                                                           I am glad you got praised!\par
I got a letter from the IRS saying my tax return will be offset because my student loan is in default                                                                                                                                                          I am sorry your tax return is being offset!\par
My eye doctor gave me good news                                                                                                             I am glad that you got good news!\par
I got a promotion at work                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about the promotion!\par
I did not pay attention and burned the cookies badly                                                                                   I am sorry about the burned cookies!\par
She won the gymnastics meet                                                                                                                   I am happy that she won!\par
I had a great time celebrating Canada Day with my friends                                                                                   I am glad you had a great time with your friends!\par
We realized that we had attended the same high school over twenty years ago                                                                                   I am glad to hear you attended the same school!\par
I got sued for defamation and lost                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your case! \par
I just got home from having a massage appointment                                                                                   I am glad you just got home!\par
Today I won a marathon                                                                                                                           I am glad to hear you won!\par
I didn't make the debate team this year                                                                                                     I am sorry you didn't make the team!\par
I got into a fight with my supervisor because he disrespected me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your fight!\par
I was trying to make gravy and it ended up being a lumpy mess                                                                                   I am sorry about your gravy!\par
The copier exploded on me at work today                                                                                                I am sorry the copier exploded on you today!\par
We just found out that mom is going to have to have dialyisis once a week                                                                                   I am sorry about your mom!\par
I feel really overweight right now                                                                                                             I am sorry you're feeling overweight!\par
Her dad's plane landed safely after the engine failed                                                                                   I am glad to hear the plane has safely landed!\par
My friends expensive dress is ill fitting and not a good look                                                                                   I am sorry about my friends expensive dress\'01 its not a good look!\par
The truck was totalled in the accident                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about the truck!\par
I worn the bid for the product                                                                                                                 I am glad for your win!\par
When I went to the park I was able to really enjoy the beauty today                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the park!\par
My oven stopped working the day before Thanksgiving                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you oven not working!\par
The delivery of my parcel has been delayed by two weeks                                                                                   I am sorry the delivery is delayed!\par
They had my favorite kind of Cheerios at the store today                                                                                   I am glad to hear they had your Cheerios there!\par
The dog peed all over the linoleum                                                                                                            I am sad because the dog peed!\par
The baby bird outside my window was born today                                                                                   I am happy that the baby bird was born today!\par
I got caught stealing from a grocery store                                                                                                      I am sorry you got caught!\par
I just slammed my finger in the door                                                                                                            I am sorry your finger was slammed!\par
i was hungry whole day                                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear you felt so hungry all day!\par
When I went to the amusement park\'01 there were no lines at all                                                                                   I am glad there were no lines!\par
The rollercoaster I really wanted to ride was broken then entire length of my vacation                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the rollercoaster being broken!\par
I can't sleep well at night                                                                                                                           I am sorry your not sleeping well!\par
He couldn't believe his luck after winning the prize                                                                                   I am happy you winning the prize!\par
The vet said Scruffy has cancer                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about Scruffy!\par
I worked out over the summer and my arms grew twice as big                                                                                   I am happy about your arms!\par
It is so cold out that the home's heaters can't keep up                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the heaters can't keep up!\par
I was thrilled to recieve the customer service award at work                                                                                   I am glad you received the customer service award!\par
I found that coin I was looking for                                                                                                            I am glad you found the coin!\par
My house burned down last night                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about your house burning!\par
I found out I have stage 2 cancer                                                                                                           I am sorry you have cancer!\par
After many months of hard work\'01 I can now speak a second language                                                                                   I am happy you can speak a second language!\par
I threw out my hip yesterday morning and won't be able to make it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you threw out your hip!\par
My application was accepted at the company I'm interested in working for                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your application!\par
The chocolate cake I baked yesterday is really light and delicious                                                                                   I am glad to hear your cake is delicious!\par
The rent just went up an extra 50 dollars a month                                                                                   I am sorry about the rent increase!\par
I adopted a dog yesterday                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about the adoption!\par
I was robbed at gunpoint a few days ago                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear that you were robbed!\par
I'm going through a rough time right now due to my divorce                                                                                   I am sad that your divorce is causing a rough time!\par
I feel like a beauty queen                                                                                                                         I am happy you feel beautiful!\par
My credit score is now officially at 850 points                                                                                            I am glad your credit score is good!\par
She's using her vacation days to take a cruise                                                                                      I am glad that she's going on a cruise!\par
I did not remember to put the garbage out for collection                                                                                   I am sorry you did not remember to put the garbage!\par
I learned to churn butter today\'01 it is so delicious                                                                                   I am happy to hear you learned how to churn butter!\par
The rainy weather is very depressing                                                                                                       I am sorry about the weather!\par
I just bought a scratch off and won fifty dollars\'01!!                                                                                   I am glad to hear about winning the fifty dollars!\par
My husband is going to take us to Disney for vacation this summer                                                                                   I am glad to hear your husband is taking you to Disney!\par
My yoga teacher complemented my posture during class today                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your teacher today at yoga!\par
I slept so well last night                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear you slept so well!\par
I got my fiftieth rejection letter today                                                                                                                      I am sorry you were rejected!\par
The lunch buffet made me sick                                                                                                                I am sorry you got sick!\par
I found my beach towel I wanted to use tomorrow                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you found your beach towel!\par
My favorite radio station closed down recently                                                                                   I am sorry about your favorite radio station!\par
The pilot couldn't see the runway through the snowstorm                                                                                   I am sorry the pilot couldn't see!\par
I was really moved by the wedding service                                                                                              I am happy you were moved by it! \par
The rain washed out the road and now we can't get home                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the rain!\par
I was accepted to the school of my dreams                                                                                                 I am glad to hear you got accepted!\par
I got to go to my favorite restaurant today and at the most delicious roast beef sandwich                                                                                   I am glad you enjoyed your food!\par
My house was broken into the other night                                                                                                    I am sad that your house was broken into!\par
I lost my underwear                                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about your underwear!\par
The storm knocked down a tree onto my house                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the storm!\par
I'm really struggling in my job search                                                                                                       I am sad that it's a struggle!\par
My team did really well in the state championship today when we played                                                                                   I am glad your team did well in the championships!\par
The teacher said I was lazy and needed to improve my attitude                                                                                   I am sorry about your teacher!\par
I scored a perfect 100 % on my test                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about the test score!\par
My brother is giving me his old gaming computer for free                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your brother!\par
My paycheck was very fat this month                                                                                                         I am happy you had a fat paycheck!\par
I saw a reissue of my favorite movie for the first time in the theater today                                                                                   I am glad am so glad about the reissued movie!\par
My father has to go back to the hospital tonight                                                                                   I am sorry about your father!\par
My boss gave me praise for the best sales in the division                                                                                   I am glad to hear you have the best sales!\par
I got a high score on my exam                                                                                                                 I am glad you got a high score!\par
My dad was gossiping about me                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear my dad gossiped about me!\par
Today I was going to go outside\'01 but sadly it snowed like crazy                                                                                   I am sorry it snowed like crazy!\par
I painted my walls a nice blue and it is really calming me down                                                                                   I am happy the blue is calming!\par
While running I didn't see the hole in the ground and twisted my ankle                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you twisted your ankle!\par
My boss offered me a promotion with a raise today                                                                                   I am glad your boss offered you a promotion!\par
I was crowned queen                                                                                                                                   I am glad that you're queen!\par
I got the new job                                                                                                                                           I am glad about your new job!\par
Someone destroyed the mailbox while driving recklessly                                                                                   I am sorry about your mailbox!\par
I have lost 26 pounds when I had my weigh in today                                                                                   I am glad you lost 26 pounds!\par
I found a new dress that was on sale at the thrift store today                                                                                   I am glad that you found a dress on sale!\par
My husband got me the plant I've been wanting forever                                                                                   I am glad you got the plant!\par
We are going to the Superbowl                                                                                                                I am happy you are going!\par
My boss got really angry at me yesterday for a small mistake I made                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your boss coming angry!\par
I'm going to a double feature later tonight                                                                                                      I am happy you're going to a double feature!\par
Last night there were mosquitoes in my room and I couldn't sleep                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't sleep!\par
My favorite store is having a sale                                                                                                                     I am happy about the sale!\par
I just found out that I'm expecting                                                                                                           I am glad you're expecting!\par
I sat down and watched one of my favorite movies                                                                                   I am glad you were about to see one of you favorite movies!\par
The tree fell on my car                                                                                                                                  I am sorry your car is toast! \par
I was put on hold on the phone for almost a half an hour                                                                                   I am sorry you were put on hold for so long!\par
All of our old photos were destroyed in the fire                                                                                   I am sorry you had a fire!\par
Me and a friend went out to have a nice dinner for his birthday                                                                                   I am glad you and a friend went out to a nice dinner!\par
I just adopted a new puppy                                                                                                                         I am glad about the puppy!\par
It turns out my daughter has skipped school at least once per week                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your daughter has skipped school!\par
We got the house                                                                                                                                           i am happy about the house!\par
My cat's surgery went perfectly and she's going to be okay                                                                                   I am glad to hear the cat will be okay!\par
The book I spent years writing is finally getting published                                                                                   I am glad the book you wrote is getting published!\par
My sons teacher said he is a gifted student                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about your son!\par
My stomach hurts so bad                                                                                                                                           I am sorry about your stomach ache!\par
Everything seems to be going exactly as I had planned it                                                                                   I am glad everything seems to be going as you planed!\par
I got an unexpected bill in the mail yesterday                                                                                             I am sorry you got a bill!\par
I love my new coffee maker                                                                                                                              I am glad you love your coffee maker!\par
I look forward to our vacation in Colorado                                                                                                    I am glad you're looking forward to vacation!\par
The dentist told me I had perfect teeth                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about your perfect teeth!\par
I got a new job                                                                                                                                            I am happy you got a job!\par
My koi fish are alive\'01 it turns out                                                                                                                 I am glad your koi are alive!\par
The airline lost my luggage on the way back home                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the airline lost your luggage!\par
I just got hired at my dream job today                                                                                                              I am glad you got hired!\par
I woke up this morning and I no longer have that pain in the back of my neck                                                                                   I am glad to hear about you waking up with no neck pain!\par
My brother just told me that he has to have surgery next week                                                                                   I am sorry your brother has to have surgery!\par
My stomach hurts                                                                                                                                          I am sorry your stomach hurts!\par
My friend got blind drunk and is being very annoying                                                                                   I am sorry about your situation!\par
While out shopping today I got a great deal                                                                                                   I am glad am so glad you got a great deal!\par
I noticed huge a run in my hose just as I walked into the meeting                                                                                   I am sorry you had a run in your hose at the meeting!\par
I can't wait until tonight when the movie comes out                                                                                   I am happy about the movie!\par
I love my neighborhood\'01 its a safe quiet area                                                                                             I am glad you love your neighborhood!\par
The girl I have a crush on just messaged me back to go out on a date                                                                                   I am glad the girl you had a crush on messaged you back!\par
He overdosed and is in the hospital now                                                                                                    I am sorry he is in the hospital!\par
I was given a lot of yummy chocolate                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about the manny chocolates!\par
My best friend overdosed and died last week                                                                                                  I am sorry about your friend!\par
My speeding ticket was in a school zone so the fine is extremely high                                                                                   I am sorry about the fine!\par
It's a sunny day so I went and had a fun day at the beac                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your fay at the beach!\par
The stain on the floor isn't coming off                                                                                                   I am sorry for the stain!\par
I shot the game winner with 7 seconds left on the clock                                                                                   I am happy you shot a game winner!\par
There was a wreck on the way to work                                                                                                   I am sorry that there was a wreck!\par
I got first place at the spelling bee                                                                                                               I am glad about your win!\par
I won a free pizza from a radio call in                                                                                                       I am glad about the pizza!\par
My girlfriend found out she was unable to conceive a child                                                                                   I am sad that your girlfriend is unable to conceive!\par
My favorite hobby shop closed down                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear it closed!\par
The new doctor I have been going to does not listen when I talk                                                                                   I am sorry that your doctor doesn't listen!\par
I just broke my brand new phone getting out of the car                                                                                   I am sorry you broke your hand!\par
The article portrayed me in a positive light                                                                                                   I am glad you were portrayed positively!\par
He fell and broke his hip                                                                                                                            I am sorry his hip is broken!\par
I stepped on a piece of glass and I still can't get it out of my foot                                                                                   I am sorry you stepped on glass!\par
My film was accepted into the festival                                                                                                         I am glad it was accepted!\par
I read a wonderful little book                                                                                                                     I am glad you read a wonderful book!\par
I threw up this morning                                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear you threw up!\par
My computer chair broke from under me                                                                                           I am sorry the chair broke!\par
My husband ran out of gas this morning                                                                                                     I am sorry your husband ran out of gas!\par
Our boat has a hole in the bottom and we can't take it out today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the hole in your boat!\par
I thought I lost my car keys on the plane\'01 but they were in my coat pocket                                                                                   I am glad to hear they were in your coat pocket!\par
I thought I had run out of toilet paper\'01 but there was one left under the sink I could use                                                                                   I am happy that there was one left under the sink!\par
Having a partner in crime always helps\'01 figuratively                                                                                   I am glad to hear you have a partner!\par
I won the award yesterday                                                                                                                         I am glad you won the award!\par
I never thought parenting would be this exhausting                                                                                   I am sorry your exhausted!\par
I dropped a glass on my kitchen floor and it shattered                                                                                   I am sorry to hear it shattered!\par
My son let me sleep in this morning                                                                                                              I am glad that your son let you sleep in!\par
I drove 30 miles for a job interview and found out it wasn't until the next day                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your job interview!\par
My favorite band cancelled their concert next month                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the band cancelled!\par
When I find money in my pocket\'01 I often pass it on to the less fortunate                                                                                   I am glad you give money that you find to those less fortunate!\par
My daughter smiled and laughed                                                                                                                  I am happy your daughter laughed!\par
The yard is a mess and we're going to need a whole new septic system                                                                                   I am sorry about your yard!\par
The doctor just called and said they found me a kidney donar                                                                                   I am glad the kidney match was found!\par
I can't get cell signal anywhere in this neighborhood                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you can't get a signal!\par
I fell in a puddle while trying to impress a girl                                                                                             I am Sorry about your falling!\par
It is going to cost me $ 250 for this ticket                                                                                                          I am sorry about the ticket prices!\par
I accidentally broke my favorite paintbrush                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about your broken toothbrush!\par
I went to the martial arts gym nearby and found out that their monthly fee is very expensive                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the gym is expensive!\par
I got a great deal on an old video game I wanted                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the game!\par
I had to put my dog down last week because he was really sick                                                                                   I am sorry you had to put your dog down!\par
I had to file for bankruptcy recently                                                                                                          I am sorry you had to file for bankruptcy!\par
My doctor hardly listened to anything I said at the appointment                                                                                   I am sorry your doctor hardly listened to you!\par
My coworker drives me crazy with his incessant chatter all day long                                                                                   I am sorry your coworker drives you crazy!\par
So they gave me detention for arriving late at school                                                                                   I am sad you got detention for lateness!\par
I love the cold nights we've been having lately                                                                                   I am glad you love the cold nights!\par
I can't believe I actually won the office pool                                                                                               I am glad to hear that you won!\par
After getting on the scale\'01 I noticed that I gained five pounds                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you gained!\par
My car was out of gas when I needed to go somewhere                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were out of gas!\par
I lost two of my fingers to the machine                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about your fingers!\par
Dutch chocolate is my favorite ice cream flavor                                                                                   I am happy you enjoy Dutch chocolate ice cream!\par
I got a lower rate on my car insurance                                                                                                         I am glad your car insurance went down!\par
The paint that I used to paint my room starting chipping after only a few days                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the chipping off of the pain in your room!\par
A tree limb fell on my roof                                                                                                                         I am sad it fell!\par
It was a beautiful sunny day for my wedding                                                                                              I am glad about your day!\par
I can't find my wallet even though I looked everywhere                                                                                   I am sorry that you can't find your wallet!\par
Watching a movie I haven't seen in a while is like I'm seeing it for the first time                                                                                   I am happy that you got too see that movie!\par
My daughter ran away from home                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear your daughter ran away!\par
My friend's conference paper was peer reviewed and all they had was positive comments                                                                                   I am glad about your friends comments!\par
I graduated at the top of my culinary arts class                                                                                   i am glad you graduated!\par
I get to go on vacation soon                                                                                                                   I am glad you get a vacation!\par
I got overtime at work                                                                                                                               I am glad work gave you over time!\par
I accidentally stabbed myself                                                                                                                      I am sad you stabbed yourself!\par
My cat passed away last night                                                                                                                        I am sorry about your cat!\par
I can't believe Anna has been ignoring me since I loaned her $ 100                                                                                   I am sorry to hear Anna has been ignoring you!\par
I can't find enough money to buy gas and get to work                                                                                   I am sorry you can't get to work!\par
I won my case today after a whole year                                                                                                          I am happy you won your case!\par
Jason caught a tuna as big as his arm and we cooked it for dinner                                                                                   I am glad to hear that Jason caught a big tuna for dinner!\par
I finally finished the book and really enjoyed it                                                                                   I am glad about the book!\par
I was told today I will be getting a thousand dollar refund on my tution since my scholorship finally went through                                                                                                                                      I am happy you'll get a refund!\par
My stolen bike was found and brought back to me                                                                                   I am glad your bike was found!\par
I forgot to set the oven timer and burned my dinner                                                                                   I am sorry you burned your dinner!\par
We are going to the lake next week for a short vacation                                                                                   I am glad for your lake vacation!\par
I got a great score on my test                                                                                                                        I am glad you got a get score!\par
My bank foreclosed on my home and now I'm living with my parents                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your home!\par
We are planning a spa day next week                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about the spa day!\par
She was the MVP of her basketball game                                                                                                      I am glad she was the MVP!\par
My coworker basically asked me to do her part of the project                                                                                   I am sorry you were told to do her part!\par
Everyone wants to be my friend                                                                                                                   I am happy about your friends!\par
Our grass is covered up with weeds this year                                                                                                  I am sorry that you have weeds!\par
I finished writing that book of poetry                                                                                                           I am glad to hear about your book!\par
It turns out the new job I signed up for was a scam                                                                                   I am sorry the new job was a scam!\par
I asked them not to use peanut sauce because I am allergic but they did anyways                                                                                   I am sorry about your allergies!\par
It is gon na take a long time to get where I want to be                                                                                   I am sorry about the time constraint!\par
We went to go get bags of ice at the store and they were out                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the ice situation!\par
My daughter's pen got blue ink all over the dryer                                                                                   I am sorry there is blue ink all over the dryer!\par
I received a medal of honor                                                                                                                      I am glad that you got a medal!\par
I had to fire someone from work today and it was terrible                                                                                   I am sad you had to fire someone and feel bad!\par
My child doesn't understand why she can't see her dad anymore                                                                                   I am sorry your child is confused!\par
I had to pawn my ring to pay the rent                                                                                                         I am sorry you pawned your ring!\par
I forgot to charge my cellphone so I can't call anyone until I get home                                                                                   I am sorry you can't call anyone until you get home!\par
I lost my only baby pictures in the fire last week                                                                                   I am sorry about your baby pictures!\par
Under my car I found a bag full of garbage and it made my car smell awful                                                                                   I am sorry you found a bag of garbage under your car!\par
Dad is going to take me to the zoo like when I was a kid                                                                                   I am glad dad is taking you to the zoo!\par
It was too cold to walk to the store                                                                                                        I am sorry about the cold!\par
I won a school scholarship for $ 500                                                                                                           I am happy you won a scholarship!\par
My sister is gon na get married                                                                                                              I am happy your sister is getting married!\par
My cocktail party was a huge success                                                                                                                  I am glad your party was successful!\par
I brewed my first batch of homemade beer and it came out perfect                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your first batch of homemade beer!\par
I can't believe they booted my car                                                                                                               I am sad they booted your car!\par
My brother brought me coffee this morning                                                                                              I am glad that your brother brought you coffee!\par
My lab partner is angry because I scored higher than she                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your lab partner!\par
My mom said some really mean things earlier today                                                                                   I am sorry your mom was mean to you!\par
My doctor says I have diabetes                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear that you have diabetes!\par
I received some hefty scholarships for college                                                                                   i am glad you got the scholarships!\par
I won $ 1000 at the casino last week                                                                                                         I am glad you won at the casino!\par
I am really looking forward to meeting my new roommate next week                                                                                   I am glad about your new roommate!\par
He can't afford to pay his gas bill                                                                                                                I am sorry he can't pay his gas bill!\par
My mother gave me a gift card for my birthday                                                                                   I am glad you got a gift card for your birthday!\par
A new game I wanted came out today                                                                                                             I am glad the game you wanted came out!\par
I was embarrassed to be blamed for my bosses mistake                                                                                   I am sorry you were embarrassed!\par
We had a wonderful dinner last night                                                                                                            I am glad to hear you had a wonderful dinner!\par
My mother has cancer                                                                                                                                 I am sorry about your mother!\par
My boss told me I'm going to get a huge promotion next week                                                                                   I am happy you are getting a huge promotion!\par
Everytime I go bowling I always wind up slipping and falling on the floor                                                                                   I am sorry that you slip on the floor when you bowl!\par
I couldn't find my way out of the underwater cave                                                                                   I am sorry about the cave!\par
A couple of my stitches just popped out                                                                                                    I am sad your stitches popped out!\par
I was told I am literal human garbage                                                                                                         I am sorry you were told your human garbage!\par
I won the door prize                                                                                                                                            I am happy you won!\par
The mailman brought my parcel early                                                                                                          I am glad to hear your parcel was early!\par
I tried blackberry corn ice cream for the first time yesterday and it was so delicious                                                                                   I am glad you liked the blackberry corn ice cream!\par
I don't know who it was\'01 but am so grateful for the man that paid for my dinner                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your dinner!\par
I can't come to the party\'01 I have nothing to wear                                                                                   I am sorry you can't come to the party!\par
I fell down the stairs and broke my leg                                                                                                         I am sorry you broke your leg!\par
I was shy towards a girl I liked and she thought I wasn't interested                                                                                   I am sorry you were shy and missed an opportunity with her!\par
It looks like I don't have a fever anymore                                                                                                     I am happy you don't have a fever!\par
I broke my grandmother's vase                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about you mother's broken vase!\par
My husband just got an appointment for an interview with a great company                                                                                   I am happy your husband got a interview!\par
Someone hacked into my online banking and stole all my money                                                                                   I am sorry someone stole your money!\par
Sitting in the crowd at a wedding always makes me happy                                                                                   I am glad to hear you like wedding crowds!\par
My son just got his car repossesed                                                                                                          I am sorry about your son!\par
I poured out my cereal today and there were ants in it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the ants in your cereal!\par
I'm going to the opening of that new diner tonight\'01 want to come                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the new diner!\par
They called back and offered me the job                                                                                                    I am glad they offered you the job!\par
I was chosen as a contestant on The Price Is Right\'01 and I won both showcases                                                                                   I am glad you won both showcases on The Price is Right!\par
I fell while playing tag and hurt my knee real bad                                                                                   I am sorry about your knee!\par
I had such a relaxing weekend at the spa                                                                                                 I am happy about your weekend!\par
I tried a new recipe tonight and it turned out great                                                                                   I am glad that the recipe turned out great!\par
I had a fantastic first day                                                                                                                           I am happy you had a good first day!\par
My monthly bonus was much larger than expected                                                                                   I am happy to hear your monthly bonus is large!\par
I finally received a promotion at work                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about your promotion!\par
I finally beat my personal best record running the marathon today                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your record!\par
I cracked my tooth trying to bite down on a jaw breaker                                                                                   I am sad to hear you cracked a tooth!\par
The new game I've been dying to play won't run on my PC                                                                                   I am sorry about the game!\par
A firend of mine was just diagnosed with colon cancer                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your friend's diagnosis!\par
We got the no - cost extension on that grant\'01 thank goodness                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your no cost extension!\par
We are going to see my grandmother next week\'01 I can't wait                                                                                   I am glad you are going to see your grandmother!\par
Taking medication comes with heavy stigma                                                                                             I am sorry about the stigma!\par
My blood test results were negative unfortunately                                                                                   I am sad about your negative blood test!\par
I found a new dress that looks great on me                                                                                                   I am glad you found a new dress!\par
I got blisters from my new shoes                                                                                                             I am sorry you got blisters!\par
When I went for my ultrasound today they couldn't find a heartbeat                                                                                   I am sorry about the ultrasound result!\par
Wow\'01 he performed so well in that game the other night                                                                                   I am glad to hear he performed well!\par
I found a great church                                                                                                                                I am glad you found a church!\par
My neighbor surprised me with a loaf of banana bread this evening                                                                                   I am happy your neighbor surprised you!\par
My son got straight A's                                                                                                                              I am glad to hear your son did well!\par
My coworker brought me some delicious brownies                                                                                   I am happy you got some brownies!\par
I got my teeth knocked out                                                                                                                       I am sorry about your teeth!\par
I just got a new kitten                                                                                                                                      I am happy you got a kitten!\par
His lost dog came home last night                                                                                                             I am glad the lost dog came home!\par
Today has been an excellent day\'01 as I received a promotion                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your promotion!\par
My tickets finally came in for my favorite bands concert                                                                                   I am glad that the tickets came!\par
My daughter pooped in her diaper during the movie and I missed the best part                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that happened!\par
My chocolate chip cookies came out of the oven smelling great                                                                                   I am glad your chocolate chip cookies smelled great!\par
My spaghetti noodles all slipped out into the sink when I was draining them                                                                                   I am sorry your spaghetti noodles slipped into the sink!\par
I broke my glasses on my shoes                                                                                                                I am sorry about your glasses!\par
They just released a new issue of my favorite comic                                                                                   I am glad they released a new issue of your favorite comic!\par
I'm going to the concert next week and I'm so excited                                                                                   I am glad to hear you're excited for the concert!\par
After the big presentation\'01 he realized he had broccoli in his teeth                                                                                   I am sorry about the presentation and his teeth with broccoli!\par
Medication has had some less than ideal affects                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the medication!\par
My painting shows a magnificent variety of color and light                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your painting!\par
It was so beautiful when I woke up this morning                                                                                   I am glad to hear you liked how this morning looked!\par
I slipped in some pudding and crashed                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear you crashed!\par
Gasoline prices almost doubled overnight                                                                                                   I am sad that gasoline prices doubled!\par
I found the perfect gift for her                                                                                                                   I am happy you found a gift!\par
I made a mistake on my taxes costing me penalties                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you made mistakes on taxes!\par
My favoite TV show has been cancelled                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the show got cancelled!\par
I enjoy watching professional wrestling                                                                                                  I am glad you like wrestling!\par
I am so happy that I graduated from college                                                                                                  I am glad you graduated!\par
My hair dryer works again for some reason                                                                                                 I am glad to hear about your hair dryer!\par
I dropped the expnsive plate in the restaurant and it broke                                                                                   I am sorry you broke the plate!\par
Old school music is always a good choice                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about the music!\par
My headache is so bad I can not concentrate                                                                                               I am sorry about your headache!\par
My cat puked up a furball on my floor this morning                                                                                   I am sad your cat puked up a furball!\par
My cat won't hang out with me and is very upset with me                                                                                   I am sorry you cat won't hang out with you!\par
Dad relapsed again                                                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear Dad relapsed!\par
I got stuck in traffic this morning and was over an hour late to work                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were late for work!\par
My old mattress has left me with a bad back                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about your sore back!\par
No one showed up to my birthday party                                                                                                       I am sorry about your party!\par
I just found out I didn't get the job I applied for last week                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get the job!\par
I had the most delicious grilled cheese sandwich today with brie and fig jam                                                                                   I am glad that you had the most delicious grilled cheese sandwich today!\par
Walking home from work I found twenty bucks on the sidewalk                                                                                   I am happy you picked twenty bucks!\par
Everyone I know think he's a heartless bastard                                                                                   I am sorry he is heartless!\par
My nephew's leg is starting to heal finally                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about his leg!\par
I had to sell some personal belongings so that I could pay rent                                                                                   I am sorry you had to sell your stuff!\par
I am grateful to be my bosses favorite employee                                                                                   I am glad you're your boss's favorite employee!\par
I went to the fair with my cousin today and they had my favorite ride there                                                                                   I am glad to hear they had your favorite ride!\par
A drunk driver drove through my fence leaving thousands of dollars worth of damage                                                                                   I am sad to hear that a drunk driver drove through your fence!\par
I think my wife is planning to divorce me                                                                                                    I am sad my wife is planning to divorce!\par
We celebrated when the drought ended                                                                                                     I am happy you celebrated!\par
I found blood on my sheets                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about the sheets!\par
For the amount we paid\'01 it was really disappointing                                                                                   I am sad it was disappointing!\par
I left my Iphone in the bathroom stall and somebody stole it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the phone!\par
I had the best night's sleep last night                                                                                                         I am glad you have the best night's sleep!\par
My teacher scolded me                                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your scolding!\par
Brittany got a new car                                                                                                                             I am happy Brittany has a new car!\par
I bought a lovely lamp for only $ 3 at a junkyard today                                                                                   I am glad you bought a lovely lamp for only $ 3!\par
my girlfriend accepted my proposal                                                                                                              I am glad your girlfriend accepted the proposal!\par
She started smoking again                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear she started smoking!\par
I can't explain how I can't stop farting                                                                                                           I am sorry that you have a problem with farting!\par
It looks like there is going to be a tornado here in an hour                                                                                   I am sorry to hear a tornado will be here!\par
I felt that old familiar pain in my back                                                                                                       I am sorry for the pain!\par
My life feels perfect right now                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your perfect feeling life!\par
I hadn't planned on the electricity bill being so high                                                                                   I am sorry the electricity bill was so high!\par
My cat cuddled up to me after a difficult day                                                                                              I am glad am so happy your cat cuddled with you!\par
My ex friend stole $ 200 from my house                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear your ex friend stole $ 200!\par
My mail was lost today                                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your mail!\par
My sweater unraveled itself entirely earlier                                                                                                 I am sorry your sweater unraveled!\par
My cat scratched my face                                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about your face!\par
I woke up this morning and found that my car's driver side window is busted                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you busted car window!\par
His hair looks so cute today                                                                                                                        I am happy you like his hair!\par
I had to give up                                                                                                                                                I am sad that you gave up!\par
Children should not be working in sweatshops                                                                                   I am sorry about the children!\par
I stepped on a Lego in the middle of the night                                                                                   I am sorry you stepped on a lego!\par
I ate the most delicious salad for lunch                                                                                                        I am happy about your lunch!\par
No one stopped to help the man                                                                                                             I am sorry no one stopped!\par
The salad was wilted and warm at lunch                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear the salad was wilted and warm!\par
my girlfriend broke up with me                                                                                                               I am sorry you guys broke up!\par
The hamburger I was served at the restaurant was raw                                                                                   I am sorry about the hamburger!\par
I have been abused since childhood                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about your abusive history!\par
The ocean swallowed my beach house                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your beach house!\par
It is hard to see her suffering like that                                                                                                    I am sad to see her suffer!\par
I successfully lost 35 pounds this year                                                                                                       I am happy to hear you lost 35 pounds!\par
I got laid off from my job                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear you got laid off!\par
I spilled coffee on my suit right before the meeting                                                                                   I am sorry about your suit!\par
I won the lottery                                                                                                                                         I am happy you won!\par
Tina purchased a huge lawnmower                                                                                                                 I am glad about Tina's purchase! \par
I was talking to this girl and she told me John told her he likes me                                                                                   I am glad John told her he likes you!\par
I hit the most homeruns in the homerun derby                                                                                   I am happy you got many homeruns!\par
I beat my previous record on the one mile run today                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your mile run!\par
I just got into law school                                                                                                                           I am glad to hear you got in!\par
The cat we rescued last year has gone missing                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your missing cat!\par
My father never wants to see me again                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your father!\par
I had a nightmare last night                                                                                                                       I am sorry about your nightmare!\par
My mom just called me and told me she got a promotion                                                                                   I am glad your mom got a promotion!\par
I got a wonderful touch up on my surgery                                                                                                       I am glad you got a touch up!\par
My bike was stolen while I was out jogging in the park                                                                                   I am sorry you bike was stolen!\par
My favorite Netflix series has new episodes coming out soon                                                                                   I am glad your favorite Netflix series has new episodes coming out!\par
My mom sent me new sheet music for one of my favorite songs to play on the piano                                                                                   I am happy you got new music!\par
I watched cardinals feeding their hungry chicks today                                                                                   I am glad you got to see the cardinals feeding the chicks!\par
i am into so much debt I will not be able to pay up                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about so much unpayable debt!\par
I met a great guy                                                                                                                                              I am happy you met him!\par
My boss named me employee of the month                                                                                                 I am happy you got that title!\par
I won a race yesterday and got to take home the first trophy I've ever won                                                                                   I am happy you won a race!\par
I can't believe my co-worker would gossip about me in that way                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your co-worker!\par
The professor agreed to write me a glowing recommendation letter next week                                                                                   I am glad to hear that they will provide a recommendation!\par
The new microphone I bought works great                                                                                                    I am glad your new microphone works great!\par
I will go with my friends to see the new Creed movie this Saturday                                                                                   I am glad you're able to see the new Creed movie!\par
After all this time\'01 I finally won the lottery                                                                                                    I am glad you finally won the lottery!\par
I was talking to my mom and she told me she won her case                                                                                   I am glad about your mom and her case!\par
I had food to eat this morning                                                                                                                       I am happy you ate food!\par
We had so much fun at Disney last week                                                                                                  I am happy you had fun at Disney!\par
Grandfather made a table for Bradley Roy to color at                                                                                   I am glad about the table!\par
I can't feel my fingers                                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about your fingers!\par
The investigator unfortunately found that I was guilty                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that!\par
I was so angry I was shaking                                                                                                                               I am sorry you were shaking!\par
My sister and her husband are getting back together again                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your sister and her husband!\par
I was going to go to the park tomorrow\'01 but it's going to rain all day                                                                                   I am sorry about the rain!\par
My team won the game                                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear the team won!\par
The dentist told me I will need a root canal soon                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you need a root canal!\par
I learned how to make ratatouille                                                                                                                 I am glad to hear you learning how to make ratatouille!\par
The neighborhood dogs seem to think my yard is a great toilet                                                                                   I am sorry about your yard!\par
They announced a sequel to my favorite video game                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your game!\par
I got married last month                                                                                                                                  I am glad you're married!\par
It looks like our department didn't meet the deadline for the project                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't meet the deadline!\par
I'm having the worst menstrual cramp in my lifetime                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your life - worst menstrual cramp!\par
All of my artwork got wet and was ruined                                                                                                    I am sorry that your artwork got wet!\par
It snowed so I didn't have to go to school                                                                                                     I am glad you had a school snow day!\par
They were promised so much\'01 and in the end\'01 they didn't get much at all                                                                                   I am sad they didn't get much!\par
I enjoy spending time with my friends locally                                                                                                   I am glad you spend time with your friends!\par
My son's wagon rolled down the hill this morning and is broken now                                                                                   I am sorry your son's wagon broke!\par
very good mark list                                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the marks!\par
My friendsa and I are finally going to get to see The Upside                                                                                   I am glad about The Upside!\par
George surprised me by paying for my dinner                                                                                              I am glad to hear George paid for your dinner!\par
The sisters were able to reunite after 20 years                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your sisters!\par
Last night I made less money than I was expecting                                                                                   I am sorry you made less noney!\par
I went to a new sushi restaurant and it was super delicious                                                                                   I am glad to hear that the new restaurant was delicious!\par
My daughter was assigned first chair for flute in the orchestra                                                                                   I am glad to hear she got first chair!\par
My dog wandered off and I can't find him                                                                                                   I am sorry you can't find him!\par
My company fired me for fraternizing with co workers                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you company fired you!\par
Seeing old commercials gives me joy                                                                                                       I am glad for the old commercials!\par
I received the biggest tip ever from a customer today                                                                                   I am glad you received a big tip today!\par
I was rated outstanding on my performance review                                                                                   I am happy you were rated outstanding!\par
My mattress got ruined in storage\'01 apparently                                                                                   I am sad your mattress was ruined!\par
I got to meet my adorable niece for the first time yesterday                                                                                   I am glad to hear you met your niece!\par
I love my new roommate                                                                                                                                    I am happy about your roommate!\par
I was embarrassed after I tried to pull the door open\'01 but it was a push door                                                                                   I am sorry you were embarrassed!\par
I enjoy international travel and plan to see China next                                                                                   I am happy you're going to finally see China!\par
My car was broken into and stereo was stolen                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your stereo was stolen!\par
I lost a bet with a friend and owe them 40 dollars                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you losing a bet and owing your friend!\par
It's a gorgeous\'01 sunny day                                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear you like today's weather!\par
I miss my dead grandfather                                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear you miss your grandmother!    \par
I really enjoy my new job                                                                                                                                  I am glad you enjoy your job!\par
The lab tests show that our prescribed regimen will lower cholesterol by 50 %                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the lab test results!\par
My package came early so I was able to start using the moisturizer today                                                                                   I am glad your package came early!\par
I saw smoke coming from my neighbor's porch                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your neighbors porch!\par
My wife is sick so now I have to postpone our vacation                                                                                   I am sorry about your wife's sickness!\par
I am finally graduating college after 4 years                                                                                                    I am happy that you are graduating!\par
My credit card number was stolen                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your stolen card number!\par
I have carpal tunnel                                                                                                                                      I am sorry you have that!\par
The crotch ripped out of my pants while I as at the store                                                                                   I am sorry about the crotch!\par
There's a terrible ringing in my ears                                                                                                        I am sorry about your ear!\par
After years of trying\'01 I'm finally pregnant                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the pregnancy!\par
Did you see my new 24 inch monitor                                                                                                                I am happy about your monitor!\par
I looked under a rock thinking my frog was under there but I guess he is lost                                                                                   I am sorry your frog is lost!\par
I was angry that he kept it a secret for so long                                                                                   I am sad that he kept it a secret!\par
My baby had only been asleep for five minutes when the doorbell woke him up                                                                                   I am sorry he woke!\par
I tripped and fell on the ice                                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about your fall!\par
I just got asked out on a date                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your date!\par
We wanted to get home as quickly as possible                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get home fast!\par
My dog won `` Handsomest Hound '' at work today                                                                                   I am happy for your dog!\par
I collected enough reward miles from flying to fly anywhere in the world for free                                                                                   I am glad about the rewards!\par
I was late for my therapy appointment and was not able to reschedule                                                                                   I am sad you aren't about to reschedule your appointmet!\par
I ordered what I wanted                                                                                                                                        I am glad about your order!\par
I lost my keys on the subway last week                                                                                                          I am sorry about your keys!\par
I often feel like my boyfriend ignores me                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear your boyfriend ignores you!\par
I found $ 40 in an envelop that I had tucked into a drawer                                                                                   I am glad you found $ 40!\par
I fell in the Mathematics exams                                                                                                                 I am sorry you failed in mathematics!\par
I got a virus on my computer two weeks ago                                                                                                I am sorry you got a computer virus!\par
When I got home\'01 my report card came in the mail and I flunked a class                                                                                   I am sorry you had flunked a class!\par
I went up a level in gymnastics                                                                                                                I am glad to hear about gymnastics!\par
Tomorrow was supposed to be the pizza party\'01 but it got cancelled due to that kid cheating                                                                                   I am sad about the party!\par
I am looking forward to our dinner plans                                                                                                           I am glad you are looking forward to dinner!\par
My parents gave me a credit card to use for shopping                                                                                   I am happy you got a credit card!\par
They don't have the kind of gas my car needs here                                                                                   I am sorry they didn't have the right gas!\par
People are living longer than ever                                                                                                           I am glad to hear people are living!\par
My pizza that I ordered never arrived                                                                                                    I am sorry about the pizza!\par
I didn't pas that test that I studied all night for                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't pass the test!\par
I look forward to our date Saturday                                                                                                        I am happy you look forward to our Saturday date!\par
I stubbed my toe                                                                                                                                      I am sorry about the accident!\par
Our refrigerator decided that today was it's last day to cool food                                                                                   I am sorry about your refrigerator!\par
The appointment was cancelled at the last minute                                                                                   I am sad the appointment was cancelled!\par
I got kicked by a stranger                                                                                                                           i am sad about you!\par
Renee asked me to be her maid of honor                                                                                             I am glad you will be maid of honor!\par
I got accepted into my dream college                                                                                                          I am happy to hear you got accepted!\par
I didn't hit a single red light on the way to work today                                                                                   I am happy you didn't hit any red lights!\par
My grandmother was diagnosed with dementia                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your grandmother's diagnosis!\par
The author signed my favorite book for me at the event                                                                                   I am glad the author signed your book!\par
I received broken goods and the company has refused to refund                                                                                   I am sorry the company had refused to refund!\par
My dog just ran away and I can't find her anywhere                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your dog!\par
I managed to find a new knife set for only 82 cents                                                                                   I am glad to hear you bought a new knife set!\par
I had the best coffee this morning                                                                                                               I am glad you enjoyed your coffee!\par
I feel relaxed and properly tired                                                                                                              I am glad to hear that you feel relaxed!\par
Everyone loved the meal I prepared for Easter                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the Easter meal!\par
I got the best deals possible on Black Friday on new computer parts                                                                                   I am happy you got the best deals!\par
my wife lost her hearing after the accident                                                                                                    I am sorry about your wife!\par
I scored 5 goals in my intramural soccer league game and won MVP                                                                                   I am glad your game went well!\par
I think somebody just stole my credit cards                                                                                                    I am sad my cards were stolen!\par
My map was wrong and we got lost again                                                                                                   I am sorry about your map!\par
I got an interview for my dream job                                                                                                       I am happy you got an interview!\par
I tripped and fell down some stairs                                                                                                          I am sad you fell down the stairs!\par
My basement flooded with water last night                                                                                                 I am sorry about the flood!\par
My girlfriend had a miscarriage                                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about the miscarriage!\par
My front tire just took a nail                                                                                                                      I am sorry about your tire!\par
I put up so many Christmas lights this year and it feels so festive now                                                                                   I am glad you put up Christmas lights!\par
Today I found an advertisement for a used motorcycle that I like                                                                                   I am glad you found an advertisement for a used motorcycle!\par
Junior's party was a massive success                                                                                                           I am glad Junior's party was a success!\par
My microwave is fixed so I can use it now                                                                                                     I am glad your microwave is fixed!\par
My sister fell and broke her arm last night                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about your sister's arm!\par
I built the coolest treehouse for my cousin                                                                                                      I am glad you built the coolest tree house!\par
I just found a wasp's nest in the laundry room                                                                                   I am sorry to you found a wasp's nest!\par
I recieved a written reprimand because my work cost the company a customer                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your reprimand!\par
My uncle died yesterday                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about your uncle!\par
Seeing the pounds drop is exciting                                                                                                                  I am happy about that!\par
Someone dinged my car door while I was in the store                                                                                   I am sorry your car door got dinged!\par
I get dizzy often when walking                                                                                                                  I am sorry you get dizzy!\par
I got better with practice                                                                                                                          I am glad you got better!\par
I'm so sick of my car overheating almost every time I'm caught in traffic                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your car overheated!\par
My child's teacher told me she's reading above grade level                                                                                   I am happy your child is reading above grade level!\par
I got a discount on my rent this month                                                                                                         I am happy your rent is cheaper!\par
I finally got over the flu after a week of being sick                                                                                   I am glad you are feeling better!\par
I woke up with skin rashes                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about your rashes!\par
Her house has a termite problem                                                                                                              I am sorry about the termites!\par
I just got an A on my final exam                                                                                                                 i am glad you got an A!\par
My brother's business is failing so we have to take out a loan                                                                                   I am sorry that you have to take out a loan!\par
I got an instant pot for Christmas when I've wanted one for a long time                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got the instant pot!\par
My dog ran away from home                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your dog!\par
I can't stop throwing up                                                                                                                                  I am sorry you're throwing up!\par
My cat coughed up a hairball as I was getting ready for work                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your cat!\par
My sister is flying in to visit this weekend                                                                                                    I am glad your sister is visiting!\par
My bills are all going to be late                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your bills!\par
The neighbor ran over my dog                                                                                                                                          I am sorry your dog was run over! \par
I'm going to have a glass of my best whiskey with dinner tonight                                                                                   I am happy that you're going to have a glass of whiskey!\par
I am now homeless                                                                                                                                    I am sorry you are homeless!\par
My grandmother was just hospitalized                                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about your grandmother!\par
I woke up this morning and notice my car had 2 flat tires                                                                                   I am sorry about your 2 flat tires!\par
I scored the highest on the test                                                                                                                 I am glad to hear about your high test score!\par
The light in my bathroom died\'01 and I don't have any extra lightbulbs                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your bathroom light died!\par
I like to see the snow fall                                                                                                                              I am happy you saw the snow fall!\par
She gave me the warmest hug                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the hug!\par
The perennials are coming up and they look lovely                                                                                   I am glad they are lovely!\par
My car drove over a nail this morning                                                                                                            I am sad you got a nail in your tire this morning!\par
The temperature dropped last night and now my car has ice frozen all over it                                                                                   I am sorry your temperature dropped last night!\par
I went to prison for a bid                                                                                                                            I am sorry you went to prison!\par
My back is killing me                                                                                                                                     I am sorry about back!\par
My company just announced today i'm among the few that's going to be layoff next month                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your going to be laid off!\par
I do not like to wear pants as they are unattractive                                                                                   I am sorry you dont like pants!\par
My boyfriend just proposed to me after 2 years of dating                                                                                   I am happy your boyfriend proposed to you!\par
The hike was amazing                                                                                                                                 I am glad about your hike!\par
The well's run dry                                                                                                                                               I am sorry the well is dry!\par
it was beautiful ride                                                                                                                                            I am happy it was beautiful!\par
My toddler cut his own hair so close to his head that it now requires a buzz cut                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your toddler cut his own hair!\par
I accidently dropped my car keys and they slid off the cliff                                                                                   I am sorry you dropped your keys of a cliff!\par
That old nickel turned out to be worth 30 dollars                                                                                   I am happy to hear the nickel was worth 30 dollars!\par
I've gone through almost all my eggs trying to figure out my mother - in - law's recipe                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you've gone through almost all your eggs!\par
The roads were closed for days                                                                                                                 I am sorry about the roads!\par
My father is angry because I forgot to put oil in my car                                                                                   I am sad you forgot!\par
Laat night i was supposed to update my resume but I got lazy and put it off until tomorrow                                                                                   I am sorry you did not update your resume!\par
I just broke my third headset of the year                                                                                                        I am sorry you just broke your headset!\par
My friend brought me tea                                                                                                                           I am glad your friend brought tea!\par
My team won our football game last night                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your victory!\par
I spilled paint all over the carpet                                                                                                                I am sorry about the paint getting on the carpet!\par
I will need to study hard in order to graduate                                                                                               I am glad to hear you will study hard and graduate!\par
Grandma died yesterday after a long fight with cancer                                                                                   I am sad your grandma died yesterday!\par
i was arrested for overspeeding                                                                                                                   I AM SORRY YOU WERE ARRESTED\'01!\par
I got a raise during my annual performance review                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your raise!\par
I am so excited that my husband and I are going on vacation next month                                                                                   I am happy that you are going on vacation!\par
The doctor said my blood work came back perfect                                                                                   I am happy bout your blood work!\par
My girlfriend packed all her belongings and left the house this morning after we had a big argument                                                                                                                                                        I am sorry your girlfriend left!\par
I can't find my cat although I've been looking everywhere for him                                                                                   I am sorry you can't find your cat!\par
My cat is so entertaining when he gets catnip                                                                                    I am glad to hear about your cat!\par
Someone stole my identity and destroyed my credit                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your credit!\par
Someone told me I smelt really bad today                                                                                               I am sorry about the smell!\par
My husband and I are planning a fun date night this weekend                                                                                   I am happy for you and your husband!\par
All of the flowers on my street are in bloom                                                                                                 I am glad to hear that they are blooming!\par
Planning my husbands funeral has been harder than I expected                                                                                   I am sorry planning your husbands funeral has been hard!\par
My airplane just landed                                                                                                                           I am glad you made it!\par
I looked up a tutorial and was able to fix my phone screen by myself                                                                                   I am glad you were able to look up how to fix your phone screen yourself!\par
We have been given permission to use the vacation house whenever we want                                                                                   I am glad that you get to use the vacation house!\par
I got a paper cut while filing my papers                                                                                                     I am sorry about the paper cut!\par
My doorknob fell out and I have to rescrew it back on                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you have to rescrew your doorknob!\par
I won the raffle at my company's holiday party yesterday                                                                                   I am happy you won the raffle!\par
My cousin's getting married and I'm gon na be a bridesmaid                                                                                   I am glad to hear about you're going to be a bridesmaid!\par
The smell at the beach reminded me of my childhood                                                                                   I am glad to hear that!\par
Found out my student loans are based on income so the more I earn the higher my monthly note                                                                                                                                                                I am sorry about your student loans!\par
I fixed my childhood Nintendo console that was broken                                                                                   i am glad that you fixed your childhood nintendo console!\par
My scores were higher than any other swimmers                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your swimming score!\par
My investment in stocks have double in value                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your stocks doubling!\par
We realized that we will probably never be able to afford a house                                                                                   I am sorry that you can't afford a house!\par
My garden is growing well                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about your garden!\par
This morning I was able to get out the door on time for once                                                                                   I am glad you woke up in time!\par
I want to find a way to escape this relationship                                                                                   I am sorry you want to escape!\par
David's dad recently had a second\'01 more severe stroke                                                                                   I am sorry David's dad has a second stroke!\par
I auditioned for a game show and they asked me to be on it                                                                                   I am glad to hear that they asked you!\par
I found out today that I have a kidney stone                                                                                                I am sorry about the kidney stone!\par
The stocks we found in grandma's drawer are worth millions                                                                                   I am happy that you found stocks worth millions!\par
I lost my purse at the movies                                                                                                                       I am sorry you lost it!\par
I was looking for a new puppy\'01 when this little guy showed up on my doorstep                                                                                   I am happy about your new puppy!\par
It snowed five inches last night\'01 and I forgot to leave my windshield wipers up                                                                                   I am sorry that you forgot to leave your wipers up when it snowed!\par
I enjoyed getting my hair and make up done for the party                                                                                   I am happy that you got your hair done!\par
I got a perfect score on my history test                                                                                                    I am happy you got a perfect score!\par
A ball broke my window                                                                                                                           I am sorry your window broke!\par
My old car broke a fan belt and ruined the engine                                                                                   I am sorry that your engine got ruined because the fan belt!\par
Someone rear - ended my car at a stoplight                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your car!\par
I finished building that 10000 piece puzzle\'01 and it looks great                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the puzzle!\par
They had a beautiful wedding in Hawaii                                                                                                  I am glad you enjoyed their wedding!\par
I was supposed to wash my clothes and didn't\'01 Now i have nothing to wear                                                                                   I am sorry you do not have anything to wear!\par
I found a snake in the garden                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear that you found a snake!\par
The policeman shot the unarmed man in front of the crowd at the mall                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the policeman shot the unarmed man!\par
What a day to find out that my checking account is overdrawn                                                                                   I am sorry about your account!\par
I finally heard back from the university and was admitted to the program                                                                                   I am happy to hear that you were admitted!\par
He wouldn't let her concentrate on her work                                                                                                I am sorry to hear that she couldn't concentrate on her work!\par
Our house was broken into while we were gone                                                                                   I am sorry someone broke into your house!\par
I just got a cute puppy                                                                                                                                  I am glad you got that puppy!\par
I finished the crossword puzzle in record time                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the crossword puzzle!\par
I had an accident when I was running and I twisted my ankle                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your ankle!\par
my project was approved for funding                                                                                                         I am glad about your funding!\par
I got demoted for not noticing that people were stealing office supplies                                                                                   I am sorry you got demoted!\par
I didn't do well enough on the final test to pass the biology class                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you failed your test!\par
The vase slipped from my hands and broke when it hit the floor                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the vase broke!\par
My landlord says he is raising the rent when my lease comes up for renewel                                                                                   I am sorry your landlord says he is raising the rent!\par
My employer is providing health insurance for all employees                                                                                   I am glad your employer is providing insurance!\par
It started snowing really hard on my drive home\'01 making it take way longer to get there                                                                                   I am sorry it took so long!\par
I found my missing wallet                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about your wallet!\par
I stubbed my toe                                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about the toe stub!\par
I am getting a divorce                                                                                                                               I am sorry about your divorce!\par
I had a great time at the party last night                                                                                                    I am glad you enjoyed last night's party!\par
I won a blue ribbon at the fair for my pecan pie recipe                                                                                   I am glad you won a blue ribbon!\par
My friend hit me in the face with a basketball                                                                                           I am sorry you got hit in the face!\par
My aunt told me I am pretty                                                                                                                    I am happy to hear what your aunt said!\par
No one showed up to my birthday party                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear no one showed up!\par
I was so thankful that the roads were clear on my way to work                                                                                   I am glad youwere not stuck in jam today!\par
I got a message that I passed my job interview and am moving on in the process                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your job interview!\par
The circus is in town                                                                                                                                   I am glad the circus is in town!\par
He graduated magna cum laude                                                                                                           I am happy he graduated with honors!\par
I got an expensive speeding ticket on the way home                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you got a ticket!\par
I didn't make the tennis team tryouts last week                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the tennis tryouts!\par
I have less money in my bank account than I thought                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about having less money!\par
I don't have enough money in my account to cover all the bills this month\'01 I'll probably have to borrow some from my mom and dad                                                                                                   I am sorry you do not have enough money in your account!\par
I'm ready to take my driving test for the first time                                                                                   I am glad you are going to take the test!\par
My cat scratched my face and it is hurting me                                                                                   I am sorry that you got hurt!\par
I just bought this cool game\'01 the storyline is really impressive                                                                                   I am glad there's better storylines in the new game!\par
I lost my mother in the fire                                                                                                                     I am sorry about your mother!\par
My new song just landed at the top of the charts                                                                                   I am glad to hear your song is on top of the charts!\par
I just heard my parents are getting divorced                                                                                              I am sad about your parent's divorce!\par
I have to miss the party on Saturday because I have to work                                                                                   I am sorry that you have to miss the party!\par
I was proud of doing it myself                                                                                                                 I am happy you were proud!\par
I forgot to take the trash out before garbage day                                                                                   I am sad you forgot the trash!\par
I went to the dentist yesterday and he said my teeth looked great and I had no cavities                                                                                   I am glad you have no cavities!\par
My cousin just shot his largest buck yet                                                                                                      I am glad about your cousin's buck!\par
The stray cat decided to make friends with my dog                                                                                   I am happy that they get along!\par
I got voted the hottest amongst my friends                                                                                               I am glad to hear about the vote!\par
I spilled my coffee all over myself                                                                                                         I am sorry about the spilled coffee!\par
My cat chewed through my laptop cable and I have to go buy another                                                                                   I am sorry your cat chewed through your laptop cable!\par
My kitchen is on fire now                                                                                                                         I am sorry about the kitchen!\par
I burned my wrist getting something out of the overn                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your hand!\par
Today I watched the football game but my favorite team lost                                                                                   I am sorry your favorite team lost!\par
I got a blister on my toe                                                                                                                              I am sorry about the blister!\par
I can't afford to move to a nicer neighborhood                                                                                   I am sorry you can't move!\par
I lost my dog the other day but he came back by himself                                                                                   I am glad your lost dog came back!\par
We got some sweet bonuses today                                                                                                               I am happy for the bonuses!\par
They said my cancer is 100 % in remission                                                                                                I am glad to hear about this!\par
I lost my job due to the economy                                                                                                          I am sorry about your job!\par
I won 20 dollars from the lottery today                                                                                                 i am happy you won 20 dollars!\par
If he doesn't get here soon I'm going to have to fire him                                                                                   I am sad that you're going to have to fire him!\par
I got a failing grade on my book report                                                                                                I am sorry to hear you got a failing grade!\par
My cat is being very loving to me today                                                                                                 I am glad your cat is being very loving!\par
I got involved in an auto accident last night and my car is completely totaled                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were in an accident!\par
I could tell he was happy to see me                                                                                                          I am glad he was happy to see you!\par
My law exam went really badly and I'm worried I'll fail the course                                                                                   I am sorry your law exam went really badly!\par
The pipes in my house froze over the cold winter and now they don't work                                                                                   I am sorry your pipes froze!\par
A kind stranger helped me kick start my car                                                                                                   I am glad a stranger was able to help you with your car!\par
My sister just graduated from college last week                                                                                   I am glad to hear that she graduated!\par
I can't find my wallet                                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your wallet!\par
My diet is going great                                                                                                                                 I am happy your diet's going great!\par
My boss was pretty mad at me today when I told her I could not work this weekend                                                                                   I am sorry your boss was mad!\par
I forgot to bring two pencils for my final exam                                                                                   I am sorry you forgot to bring pencils!\par
I have to buy new car tires                                                                                                                        I am sorry you have to buy new tires!\par
I will succeed in life                                                                                                                                   I am happy you will succeed!\par
My pants fell down in front of a cute girl                                                                                                    I am sorry about you pants!\par
The city just announced the town water is unfit to drink                                                                                   I am sorry the water is unsafe to drink!\par
I lost my favorite shoe                                                                                                                               I am sorry you lost your shoe!\par
The school trip to the zoo was amazing and informative                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your trip!\par
My apartment flooded\'01 and all of my books and electronics were destroyed                                                                                   I am sorry about the flooding!\par
My nieces lemonade stand did not make any money                                                                                   I am sad your nieces didn't make money!\par
I can't wait to move out of this dangerous neighborhood                                                                                   I am sorry about your neighborhood!\par
Seeing Pentatonix in concert was fantastic                                                                                               I am glad you enjoyed the Pentatonix concert!\par
I stubbed my little toe                                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about your toe!\par
I passed my driver's test yesterday and an so relieved                                                                                   I am happy you passed your test!\par
My mom made me a pineapple upside down cake\'01 my favorite                                                                                   I am glad your mom made you a pineapple upside down cake!\par
I got sent to detention                                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your detention!\par
My peach pecan pie won best pie at the fair earlier this week                                                                                   I am glad to hear your pie won best pie!\par
I just heard back from the doctor\'01 and I'm cancer - free                                                                                   I am glad to hear the news!\par
I just got a promotion                                                                                                                                    I am happy you got a promotion!\par
The rain ruined my new shoes already                                                                                                          I am sorry about your shoes!\par
I am looking forward to the cocktail party this weekend                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the cocktail party!\par
I can see my abs after working out for many months                                                                                   I am happy you have abs!\par
Mom and I finally reconciled                                                                                                                    I am happy you reconciled!\par
I fell in a sewer yesterday                                                                                                                        I am sorry that happened!\par
I finally believe I have a future                                                                                                                I am glad to hear about your future!\par
I really enjoyed seeing the movie with my friends                                                                                   I am happy you enjoyed the movie with your friends!\par
Our horse won                                                                                                                                             I am happy about your horse!\par
I accidentally hit a parked car today and it will make my insurance premiums go up if I make a claim                                                                                                                                                            I am sorry you hit a parked car and might have higher insurance!\par
I won a car in the promotion                                                                                                                    I am glad you won a car!\par
I read there is a hurricane coming\'01 we might have to evacuate                                                                                   I am sorry you might have to evacuate!\par
I got a great ring                                                                                                                                              I am glad you got a ring!\par
I won the race                                                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about the race!\par
I found a diamond ring in the sand at the beach                                                                                   I am glad you found a ring!\par
My daughter was just accepted at Harvard                                                                                                  I am happy for your daughter!\par
I think I have a disease of some kind                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear you think you have a disease!\par
I won the gaming tournament this week                                                                                                        I am happy you won a tournament!\par
It was my birthday today and my friends threw me a party                                                                                   I am glad it was your birthday today!\par
We couldn't afford to buy many presents for Christmas this year                                                                                   I am sad you can't afford presents!\par
I fell into my basement and broke my hip                                                                                                I am sorry to hear that you broke your hip!\par
Things were simple and we felt content                                                                                                 I am glad to hear that you felt content!\par
We did not get an income tax refund this year\'01 I miss the extra money                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get a tax refund!\par
I got pulled over and the police officer let me go without a ticket                                                                                   I am happy you weren't fined!\par
She stopped going out anymore and lost interest in life                                                                                   I am sorry she lost interest in life!\par
He took me to a romantic Mozart by Candlelight concert                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the concert!\par
My paper airplane landed in the lake and I had to make a new one                                                                                   I am sad that your paper plane was ruined!\par
Can you believe they arrested Terrence                                                                                                 I am sorry about Terrence arrest!\par
My cat scratched the couch and now I can't sell it for as much as I want to                                                                                   I am sorry your cat scratched the couch!\par
I took my cat to the vet today and he is totally healthy                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your cat being healthy!\par
I really love this beautiful weather we've been having lately                                                                                   I am glad about the weather!\par
My teacher seems to really dislike me in my chemistry class                                                                                   I am sad you feel this way!\par
I have to pay an attorney and court costs related to a lawsuit                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you have to pay!\par
I bought the most beautiful red skirt the other day                                                                                   I am glad you brought the beautiful red skirt!\par
I couldn't find the dentist's website                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear you couldn't find the website of the dentist!\par
I found a game from my childhood that I lost                                                                                            I am glad you found the game!\par
I got hired at the job I applied for                                                                                                          I am happy you got hired!\par
I'm going to have a baby                                                                                                                         I am happy you are having a baby!\par
My favorite DVD got a deep scratch and is now unplayable                                                                                   I am sorry about your DVD!\par
The new hat I ordered fits my head perfectly                                                                                                I am happy you got a new hat!\par
My husband just bought his first brand new car                                                                                   I am glad that your husband bought his first car!\par
The soup that I made knocked over all over the countertop                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you knocked over the soup you made!\par
My cousin's car got run over by a truck\'01 I have to take him to work every day                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your cousin was run over!\par
My carpal tunnel is acting up again                                                                                                            I am sad to hear your carpal tunnel is back!\par
She earned a huge tip from the party of twelve                                                                                   I am happy about her huge tip!\par
I lost all memory of the other night                                                                                                          I am sorry about your memory!\par
I put a drum stick through my snare drum by accident                                                                                   I am sorry you put a drum stick through your snare drum!\par
I bought a new Nintendo game                                                                                                               I am happy you bought a Nintendo game!\par
I was paid an extremely healthy sum for my work                                                                                   I am glad you were paid a healthy sum!\par
Our instructor was quite pleased with the group effort                                                                                   I am glad to hear your instructor was pleased!\par
I got to the post office just before it closed                                                                                                 I am glad to hear you made it to the post office!\par
Someone stole my lipstick                                                                                                                      I am sorry about your lipstick!\par
We hugged one another and laughed                                                                                                             I am glad to hug and have a laugh!\par
The mice are leaving signs all over the home                                                                                                     I am sad about the mice!\par
I am so happy that I got an interview for the job                                                                                   I am glad you scored a new interview!\par
My sister sprained her ankle playing twister                                                                                           I am sorry to hear your sister sprained her ankle!\par
The power came back on in our house finally                                                                                             I am happy about your power!\par
The customer tipped me $ 20 for doing such a good job                                                                                   I am glad you got such a large tip!\par
The roads are icy and dangerous and I have to go to work                                                                                   I am sorry about the roads!\par
The waitress spilled hot coffee all over my lap                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your lap!\par
Someone said something mean to me on the bus                                                                                   I am sorry someone said something mean!\par
I got to play with kittens today                                                                                                                    I am happy you played with kittens!\par
The developer approved my remodel plans right away                                                                                   I am glad to hear your plans were approved!\par
The children were disappointed when the baseball game was cancelled due to rain                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that the baseball game was cancelled due to rain!\par
I am excited to try that new Thai restaurant tonight                                                                                   I am glad that you are excited to try that new restaurant!\par
Apparently I have a good chance of developing macular degeneration in my life                                                                                   I am sorry about your macular degeneration!\par
I've been so sad ever since she broke up with me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your breakup!\par
i just bought a new car                                                                                                                            I am glad you got a new car!\par
I am running low on the money left in my savings                                                                                   I am sad my money is low!\par
I bought these wonderful pair of shoes on sale for half off                                                                                   I am glad you bought shoes on sale!\par
My best friend lives close to me                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about you and your best friend!\par
My lemon merengue pie really made everyone happy earlier                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your lemon merengue pie made everyone happy!\par
All the songs on my Spotify playlist havee been deleted                                                                                   I am sorry about your songs!\par
My neighborhood looks so pretty with the holiday lights lit up                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your pretty neighborhood!\par
Everyone on our team received a bonus for our hard work                                                                                   I am glad t hear about your bonus!\par
I'm preforming in front of the whole school tomorrow\'01 it's going to be great                                                                                   I am happy that you're performing tomorrow!\par
It's going to be below zero tomorrow                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about the temperature tomorrow!\par
I got a bunch of needed overtime last week at work                                                                                   I am glad you got overtime!\par
My white socks came out of the wash looking very dingy                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your white socks are dingy!\par
My husband called and canceled our reservations because he has to work tonight                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your reservations were cancelled!\par
my son was accepted into his college of choice                                                                                   I am glad your son was accepted into college!\par
I met my girlfriend's parents and they really seemed to like me                                                                                   I am glad for your girlfriend's parents!\par
I will have to have my foot amputated                                                                                                  I am sorry that amputation is what is happening to my foot!\par
My nephew was killed in Iraq                                                                                                                   I am sorry your nephew was killed!\par
I stepped on my friend's toe and now she is pissed                                                                                   I am sorry you stepped on your friend's toe!\par
It was scary how much ice was on my steep driveway                                                                                   I am sorry about the ice!\par
I got food poisoning from eating sushi last night                                                                                   I am sorry you got food poisoning!\par
I consolidated my bills and now I can get a new car                                                                                   I am glad to hear you can get a new car!\par
I accidentally broke the pickle jar trying to get it open                                                                                   I am sorry you broke the pickle jar!\par
My cat ate it's new food happily                                                                                                            I am glad your cat ate it's food!\par
I finally got the painting to look just they way I wanted                                                                                   I am glad about the painting!\par
I got to feed ducks on my lunch break today                                                                                              I am happy that you got to feed ducks!\par
I got asked out on a date last night                                                                                                        I am happy you got asked out!\par
I had to walk home in the rain from work                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the rain!\par
I got to just sit and listen to the rain today\'01 and it was so relaxing                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you are relaxed!\par
My computer table fell over and now my laptop needs to be repaired                                                                                   I am sorry about your laptop!\par
I was going to watch the stars tonight\'01 but the weatherman says its going to be too cloudy                                                                                   I am sad about it being too cloudy to watch the stars!\par
My friends all turned their backs on me                                                                                                     I am sorry your friends turned their backs on you!\par
The pipe broke in my basement and flooded the whole thing                                                                                   I am sorry your pipe broke!\par
They had the purse I was looking for on sale for 50 % off                                                                                   I am glad they had the pursue you were looking for!\par
I broke my grandmother's pickle dish                                                                                                        I am sorry about the dish!\par
I can't afford to buy a vehicle and I have to walk everywhere                                                                                   I am sorry you have to walk!\par
I hate my job it is so boring                                                                                                                      I am sorry about your job!\par
I got to meet a nice person today                                                                                                                I am glad you met someone nice!\par
This morning I went jogging and I got tired so quickly                                                                                   I am sorry you got tired so quickly!\par
My dog got back from the vet with her new puppies                                                                                   I am happy about your dog!\par
I saved a lot of money by booking in advance for the trip                                                                                   I am glad that you saved a lot of money!\par
My pants have a rip in the leg                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your pants!\par
My husband bought me a really beautiful necklace and gave it to me today                                                                                   I am glad your husband bought you a necklace!\par
I missed the bus and had to walk to work                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear you had to walk to work!\par
I built a shed for the backyard and am so proud of it                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the shed you built!\par
I'm sorry I can't join you tonight\'01 I have a flat tire                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the flat!\par
He can't seem to get rid of his headache                                                                                                 I am sad that you have headache!\par
I dropped my phone on the ground and the screen shattered                                                                                   I am sorry about your phone!\par
Pickles on top of anything sweet is an awful combination                                                                                   I am sorry you don't like pickles on sweet!\par
My nice new shoes got destroyed by my friends dog                                                                                   I am sorry about your shoes!\par
My boyfriend and I got back together                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your boyfriend!\par
My chocolate ice cream dropped on the ground                                                                                   I am sorry about the ice cream!\par
Today\'01 I woke up late and was late for work                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about waking up late for work!\par
Mom is making my favorite pizza for dinner                                                                                           I am glad your mom is making your favoirite pizza!\par
I am planning my first internation vacation                                                                                                  I am glad you are planning a vacation!\par
My laundry smelled fantastic when I pulled it from the dryer                                                                                   I am glad your laundry smelled fantastic!\par
I won a new computer in the raffle I entered                                                                                             I am happy about your win!\par
The fire truck arrived to late to save our home                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the fire truck's late arrival!\par
I found my jacket under my bed finally                                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found your jacket!\par
My cat died and I was so upset and cried so hard because of it                                                                                   I am sad your cat died!\par
I just checked my stock portfolio and found that it has been doubled since last month                                                                                   I am happy your stock portfolio doubled!\par
It was wonderful to recieve an award for my work in the music industry                                                                                   I am glad you received an award!\par
I forgot to call my sister back after she left a message for me last night                                                                                   I am sorry you forgot to call!\par
My wife left me for my brother Tim                                                                                                      I am sorry am so sorry that happened to you!\par
The candles that I lit last night really helped make the room smell nice                                                                                   I am happy the candles helped make the room smell nice!\par
The brownies you made were amazing                                                                                                  I am glad the brownies were amazing!\par
My TV exploded                                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about your TV!\par
My jam just came on                                                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about your jam!\par
I got my dress at a 50 % off sale                                                                                                                  I am happy you got it!\par
My brother was sent to prison for drugs                                                                                                     I am sorry about your brother!\par
My father and I had a catch outside                                                                                                                  I am happy you and your father had a catch!\par
My family has always supported me                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about your family!\par
I got a $ 44 rebate on a big purchase I made recently                                                                                   I am happy to hear you got back your rebate!\par
Today I watched the football game and my favorite team won                                                                                   I am glad your team won!\par
His sandcastle was so impressive that it was featured on the local news                                                                                   I am glad that his sandcastle was featured on the local news!\par
My mom just found out she needs stomach surgery                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your mom needs surgery!\par
I got a free pass to the day spa                                                                                                                I am happy you got a free pass!\par
I plan to buy my car next year                                                                                                                  I am happy about the car!\par
I had to help my mom bury my sister last week                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you went through that!\par
The economy has caused me to loose everything                                                                                   I am sad that you have lost everything!\par
My favorite ice cream place finally opened back up                                                                                   I am happy about your favorite ice cream place!\par
The cafeteria at work failed a health inspection                                                                                   I am sorry your work cafeteria failed inspection!\par
Last night i went swimming for the first time in years and now i feel great                                                                                   I am glad about your swimming!\par
There aren't any of my favorite ice cream flavors left                                                                                   I am sorry there aren't any of your favorite flavors!\par
She went down three pant sizes in just a few weeks                                                                                   I am glad to hear that she went down three pant sizes!\par
I got a raise on Monday after a long time of not getting one                                                                                   I am glad you got a raise on Monday!\par
My new boyfriend is a cordon bleu chef                                                                                                     I am happy your boyfriend is a chef!\par
Hearing from them always warms my heart                                                                                            I am happy that your heart feels warm!\par
Our big tree has to be taken down\'01 it's full of some sort of disease                                                                                   I am sorry your tree has been taken down!\par
I just had an amazing night with my wife                                                                                                   I am glad you had an amazing night!\par
My best friend is gon na get married                                                                                                        I am happy to hear about your best friend's marriage!\par
The mechanic bill for my car really disrupted my finances                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your mechanic bill!\par
I got called into HR today for something I said earlier that upset someone                                                                                   I am sorry about being called out!\par
It is poor connection                                                                                                                                I am sorry about the bad connection!\par
My lipstick fell into the toilet                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your lipstick!\par
I have serious reservations about my future son in law                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your son in law!\par
We bought a new car for our vacation next month                                                                                   I am happy you bought a new car!\par
I have a sore throat                                                                                                                                     I am sorry about your sore throat!\par
The tornado took off my neighbor's roof                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about the roof!\par
We close on our new house today                                                                                                          I am happy you are closing on the house!\par
I couldn't find my movie ticket to the play so I couldn't see it                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't see the play!\par
My friends threw me a surprise party                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about the party!\par
My promotion left me with a smile all week                                                                                             I am glad about your promotion!\par
A rock flew through my car window shattering it                                                                                   I am sorry your window was shattered!\par
I got mugged walking home from work Friday                                                                                   I am sorry you were mugged!\par
I got angry and put my fist through my TV                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear you got angry and broke your tv!\par
I lost a bet and have to wear a dress to work tomorrow and a wig                                                                                   I am sorry that you lost your bet!\par
We bought a boat finally\'01 come out with us                                                                                           I am happy about your boat!\par
I enjoyed a wonderful massage for my birthday                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your birthday massage!\par
my head was hit by a ball and i got a concussion                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you got a concussion!\par
The water tasted good after the long hike                                                                                                  I am glad you had water after the hike!\par
Sarah broke her leg when riding her bike                                                                                                I am sad that Sarah broke her leg!\par
I threw up this morning                                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear you threw up!\par
I aced my test today                                                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about your test!\par
My acne is breaking out again                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your acne!\par
Unfortunately\'01 my house is built below sea level                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your house!\par
I landed my first job today                                                                                                                          I am happy you landed!\par
I finally saved enough money to buy me a new car                                                                                   I am happy you bought me a new car!\par
I just broke my personal record for a 500 meter swim                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your swimming accomplishment!\par
I hosted a BBQ in my backyard for some friends and we had a great day                                                                                   I am glad to hear you had a great day!\par
I'm really looking forward to trying out that new restaurant                                                                                   I am glad you're looking forward to the restaurant!\par
I was able to score some amazing deals last Black Friday                                                                                   I am glad you got good deals on items!\par
I lost all my money in a pyramid scheme                                                                                                                I am sorry you lost all your money!\par
I lost $ 20 down an elevator shaft today                                                                                                      I am sorry you lost $ 20!\par
Why would I want to sign up for a monthly subscription when it doesn't even work                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the subscription not working!\par
People told me I was so handsome                                                                                                         I am glad to hear that you're handsome!\par
I just found a snake in my kitchen                                                                                                               I am sad you found a snake!\par
She had to wait for hours in the rain                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about the wait!\par
My husband is returning from Afghanistan                                                                                                   I am happy your husband is returning!\par
Some kid threw a rock at my house and broke a window                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your window!\par
I got to class to late to take the test                                                                                                          I am sorry you got to class to late!\par
I got cancer of the face                                                                                                                                   I am sorry you got cancer!\par
I proposed to my girlfriend and she said yes                                                                                              I am happy your girlfriend said yes!\par
My local grocery store finally started carrying grass - fed milk                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your grocery store started carrying grass - fed milk!\par
Mr. Brown filed for bankruptcy this week\'01 I think he's in a lot of trouble                                                                                   I am sorry for he is in a lot of trouble!\par
I got a bigger tax rebate then I was expecting this year                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got a bigger tax rebate this year!\par
I got a new paintbrush so now I finish the painting that I started a few weeks ago                                                                                   I am glad to hear about you finishing the painting!\par
We are going to Hawaii for spring break                                                                                                        I am happy to hear about Hawaii!\par
I got assaulted in the bathroom                                                                                                              I am sorry am so sorry the assault happened!\par
My credit card bill came in and it's way more than I expected                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your more than expected credit card bill!\par
I won the race and received a price                                                                                                          I am glad you won the race!\par
I have sleeping problems                                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your sleeping!\par
I gained five pounds this month                                                                                                               I am sorry you gained five pounds!\par
I got an A on my exam                                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear the exam went well!\par
I asked my girlfriend to marry me and she said yes                                                                                   I am glad am so happy to hear about your engagement!\par
I just won $ 50,000 from a scratch off lottery ticket                                                                                   I am glad you won the lottery!\par
I got a compliment from my boss at work                                                                                                I am glad you got a compliment!\par
The cake my neighbor brought over was delicious                                                                                   i am happy you got a cake!\par
My water pipes froze during last nights hard freeze                                                                                   i am sad that your pipes froze!\par
Today I ate the most delicious steak I've ever had                                                                                   I am glad you ate the most delicious steak!\par
I found great ideas on this website                                                                                                         I am happy that you found great ideas!\par
I found out my husband was cheating on me when he introduced me to his baby                                                                                   I am sorry about your husband!\par
My grandson is failing in his two of his classes                                                                                   I am sorry your grandson is failing!\par
The doctor told me I need to take diabetes medication but I hate taking pills                                                                                   I am sorry that your diabetes means you have to take pills!\par
The furnace quit in the middle of the night                                                                                           I am sorry your furnace quit!\par
Last week my favorite uncle passed away                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about the loss of your uncle!\par
My favorite pen ran out of ink                                                                                                                      I am sorry you ran out of ink!\par
My favorite team won their game                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about your favorite team!\par
Tonight we are eating at our favorite chinese place                                                                                   I am happy to hear you get to eat at your favorite Chinese place!\par
My mortgage was approved for a brand new home                                                                                   I am happy it was approved!\par
My friend borrowed one of my video games and never gave it back                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your video game that wasnt given back!\par
I bought a bag of apples\'01 but half of them were soft                                                                                   I am sorry about the soft apples you bought!\par
I cracked the floor when the barbell slipped from my hands                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the barbell slipped!\par
Yesterday\'01 I located a great coupon value                                                                                                I am glad you got a great value!\par
My wife left me                                                                                                                                                I am sorry about your wife!\par
I got a flat tire on my way to work yesterday                                                                                                    I am sorry you got a flat tire!\par
I got free drinks all night                                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about the drinks!\par
My doctor told me that I have cancer                                                                                                         I am sorry you have cancel!\par
I wore two different colored shoes to work                                                                                                   I am sorry you wore different colored shoes!\par
My laundry came back from the cleaners smelling like mold                                                                                   I am sorry that your laundry came back smelling like mold!\par
I just got my best score on that dive                                                                                                       I am happy you got your best score!\par
The plane was rerouted twice and we lost all of our luggage                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you lost your luggage!\par
I wanted my mom to come over\'01 but she said no                                                                                   I am sorry your mom said no!\par
My boss says I came in late\'01 even though that isn't true                                                                                   I am sorry about your boss accusation!\par
My report earned an A + grade                                                                                                                     I am happy about your report's A +!\par
I suggested a new idea at work and my boss loved it                                                                                   I am glad your boss liked your idea!\par
I haven't been feeling well at all since lunch                                                                                             I am sorry that you are not feeling well!\par
Airport custom confiscated my bottle of liquor because liquid item is not allow to be hand carry aboard the plane                                                                                                                                I am sorry they confiscated your liquor!\par
My neighbor sued me because my dog bit her child                                                                                   I am sorry you're being sued!\par
My washing machine overflowed and flooded the basement                                                                                   I am sorry about your washing machine!\par
The sound of my cat purring put me to sleep                                                                                             I am glad to hear the purr helps!\par
My arthritis is really acting up                                                                                                                   I am sad you have arthritis!\par
I just watched my child come in first in her swimming race                                                                                   I am happy for your child!\par
I cried so hard I couldn't read all of the letter                                                                                               I am sorry you were crying!\par
I received an email saying I won a contest I entered last week                                                                                   I am happy you got the email!\par
The doctor's office just called to tell me the test results are inconclusive and I will have to get blood drawn again                                                                                   I am sorry you will have to get blood drawn again!\par
My sister just announced her engagement last weekend                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your sister announced her engagement!\par
My grandma is constipated again                                                                                                               I am sorry your grandma is constipated!\par
I aced my driving test                                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear you aced your test!\par
The childrens performance at the play was hilarious                                                                                   I am glad about the children performance!\par
Over the weekend my car was painted with graffiti                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your car being painted!\par
Seri loves being a big sister                                                                                                                       I am glad Seri loves being a sister!\par
Andrew agreed to date me                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your date!\par
The storm knocked my power out                                                                                                             I am sorry the powers out!\par
My wife and I decided to go to Italy on our second honeymoon                                                                                   I am happy to hear you are going!\par
My boyfriend is not talking to me today and I don't know why                                                                                   I am sorry your boyfriend isn't talking to you!\par
My lung was punctured during the accident                                                                                             I am sorry about the accident!\par
My son has offered to fly me to Ohio when his wife goes in labor                                                                                   I am glad your son offered to fly you out!\par
I caught my friend telling me a lie about something important                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your friend was telling lies!\par
My story got rejected by every publisher I sent it to                                                                                   I am sad that your story got rejected!\par
I owe the IRS this year                                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about your debt!\par
We are going on our first date tomorrow                                                                                                 I am glad to hear about your first date!\par
They have my favorite mint chocolate chip ice cream at the grocery store                                                                                   I am glad about the ice cream!\par
My truck is too deep in the snow to dig out and I have to walk home                                                                                   I am sorry you have to walk home!\par
My neighbor slipped and fell in her driveway                                                                                            I am sorry to hear your neighbor fell in her driveway!\par
The talent that the team portrays on a weekly basis is truly special                                                                                   I am glad to hear the talent the team portrays is special!\par
I threw up at the start of my overnight bus ride                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you threw up!\par
So disappointed it rained every day of Jazz Fest                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the rain!\par
Got my new car today                                                                                                                              I am glad it came today!\par
I ate my favorite cupcake today                                                                                                                   I am glad you ate your favorite cupcake!\par
My slippers are all soggy from being in the pool and I can't use them                                                                                   I am sorry about your soggy slippers!\par
I dropped the nachos I just bought on the ground                                                                                   I am sorry you dropped your nachos!\par
Taking care of my dad gives me purpose                                                                                                      I am glad you are taking care of your dad!\par
I won a prize at the carnival                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about your Carnival win!\par
I just caught a fish hook in my thumb                                                                                                          I am sorry you hooked your thumb!\par
Nothing tastes better than ice cream on a hot day                                                                                   I am glad you have ice cream!\par
The girl scouts were happy to sell all the cookies in one day                                                                                   I am sorry the girl scouts were happy!\par
I was gifted a new coffee table from a friend                                                                                               I am happy to hear about your table!\par
My bracelet broke off of my wrist and I can't seem to find it anywhere                                                                                   I am sorry you can't find it!\par
The baby's a hemophiliac                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear the baby is a hemophiliac!\par
I am excited to be celebrating my cousin's birthday this weekend                                                                                   I am happy you are celebrating!\par
Unfortunately\'01 the Republicans still control the Senate                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the Republican Senate control!\par
The bottle of wine was corked                                                                                                                  I am sad about the wine!\par
Sam had to deal with an awful customer yesterday                                                                                   I am sorry for your awful customer!\par
She thought she had cancer\'01 but the biopsies all came out clear                                                                                   I am glad the biopsies were clear!\par
We rented a sailboat for the day and had a great time                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your great sailboat rental!\par
I just bought this cool red lamp at the antique store                                                                                   I am happy you bought an antique lamp!\par
My nephew was born on my birthday                                                                                                       I am happy for your nephew!\par
Candy will rot your teeth                                                                                                                          I am sorry candy rots teeth!\par
My mother cooked a delicious meal for me                                                                                               I am happy your mother cooked for you!\par
A worker at the fast food restaurant spit in my burger                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your burger!\par
I approve of all situations where a dual benefit happens                                                                                   I am happy your quilt won!\par
I met my new granddaughter for the first time this morning                                                                                   I am happy you met your granddaughter!\par
The other night\'01 I heard gunshots from across the street                                                                                   I am sorry you heard that!\par
I couldn't go to the movies with my friends because i had no money                                                                                   I am sorry you had no money!\par
I found the prize in the Cracker Jack box                                                                                                    i am happy you found the prize!\par
My nephew's mom just came home                                                                                                     I am glad your nephew's mom's home!\par
I bought a new dress                                                                                                                                    I am happy you bought a dress!\par
I can't speak at all                                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear that you can't speak!\par
I feel like I can tackle the world                                                                                                                    I am glad you can tackle the world!\par
I woke to the sound of my baby coughing\'01 but when I checked him he was really just laughing in his sleep                                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear that your baby was just laughing!\par
My red pen exploded all over my shirt at work today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your red pen's shirt explosion!\par
I got a new puppy today                                                                                                                               I am happy you got a new puppy!\par
I found $ 10 on the sidewalk today                                                                                                                    I am happy you found $ 10!\par
It looks like I'll be snowed in for a week                                                                                                     I am sorry about your situation!\par
I just got my bonus for last weeks project                                                                                                I am glad to hear you got a bonus!\par
My dad was able to see me walk down the aisle                                                                                   I am glad your dad was able to see you!\par
I know I can sleep easy tonight                                                                                                               I am glad to hear you can sleep easy!\par
I ran out of gas                                                                                                                                               I am sorry you run out of gas!\par
My dog ran out of the yard                                                                                                                         I am sad my dog ran out!\par
I got the top score in a game at the arcades                                                                                             I am glad am so happy you got the top score!\par
My dog is very sick                                                                                                                                      I am sorry your dogs sick!\par
I miss him so much                                                                                                                                   I am sorry you miss him!\par
I found a bag of chips that I had stashed away and forgot about                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found a bag of chips!\par
I got a big bonus when I finished a project at work                                                                                   I am glad you got a bonus!\par
I played soccer with my friends and I played really well                                                                                   I am happy you played soccer well!\par
I tested positive for the flu today                                                                                                              I am sorry that you have the flu!\par
I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder                                                                                              I am sorry you have been diagnosed!\par
My new shoes had been used                                                                                                                       I am sorry about the shoes!\par
We had to cut our trip short due to bad weather                                                                                   I am sorry your trip was cut short!\par
I fell in the backyard and broke my arm                                                                                                    I am sorry about your arm!\par
I like a good hot meal every now and again                                                                                                   I am glad you like a good hot meal!\par
My boss gave me a warning today for having too many customer complaints                                                                                   I am sorry your boss gave you a warning today!\par
She said she 'd go out with me                                                                                                                 I am glad she said that!\par
The canoe trip was so relaxing                                                                                                                   I am glad to know trip was so relaxing!\par
Some kids stole my outside Christmas decorations                                                                                   I am sorry the kids stole decorations!\par
My grandmother passed away after a long battle with cancer                                                                                   I am sorry your grandmother passed away!\par
My favorite TV show has been renewed for next season                                                                                   I am happy to hear your favorite show has been renewed!\par
My YouTube video just got 5,000 hits                                                                                                        I am happy your video had 5,000 hits!\par
I found a needle in my laundry                                                                                                                I am sorry about the needle found in your laundry!\par
I hate how he's always critical of me                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear he's critical!\par
I think my purse was stolen while I was in the bathroom                                                                                   I am sorry your purse was stolen!\par
This morning\'01 I stepping in something squishy on my way to the car                                                                                   I am sorry you stepped in something!\par
We had a great time fishing last weekend                                                                                                 I am happy you had a good time fishing!\par
The hotel room I stayed in had cockroaches                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about the bugs!\par
We had such great time the other night at dinner                                                                                   I am glad you had such a great time at dinner!\par
My sister was stabbed on Sunday night                                                                                                    I am sorry about your sister!\par
This morning I woke up and couldn't find my keys\'01 and was late to work                                                                                   I am sorry that you were late to work!\par
I got to see Lebron James play basketball in person and it was awesome                                                                                   I am happy you got to see LeBron James!\par
I got a great coupon to get my hair cut in the mail                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your coupon!\par
I miscarried last week                                                                                                                                      I am sorry you miscarried!\par
I forgot my umbrella in the car on a windy\'01 stormy day                                                                                   I am sorry you forgot your umbrella!\par
I chipped my tooth when I tripped on the stairsl                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your tooth!\par
My dog was hit by a car and died                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear your dog died!\par
The shoes rubbed blisters on both my heels                                                                                                I am sorry to hear the shoes caused blisters!\par
Joseph broke up with me last week                                                                                                           I am sorry about the break up!\par
The neighborhood annual potluck is always a fun time                                                                                   I am happy the annual potluck is a fun time!\par
I've had such a stressful day at work today                                                                                           I am sorry you were stressed today!\par
I was able to fix a broken electronic and sell it for profit                                                                                   I am glad to hear you fixed it!\par
I came home from working late\'01 and my husband and daughter were doing the dishes                                                                                   I am glad to hear your family did the dishes for you!\par
My niece painted me a watercolor painting of our house and gave it to me today                                                                                   I am happy you were given the painting!\par
I bought my mom flowers for her birthday                                                                                                I am glad to hear about the gift for your mom!\par
My brother gave me his old car for free                                                                                                  I am glad you got a car for free!\par
I bought a new motorcycle with my raise                                                                                                                           I am happy you bought a motorcycle with your new raise!\par
Engaging in self - care is a hard pill to swallow                                                                                   I am sorry you need self - care!\par
I found out she had been lying to me                                                                                                         I am sorry that she lied!\par
My necklace is fixed\'01 Finally                                                                                                                  I am glad your necklace is fixed!\par
My favorite television show is about to come and I can't wait to watch it                                                                                   I am glad to hear you can't wait to watch it!\par
I lied to my ex and feel bad about it                                                                                                          I am sorry you feel bad!\par
I burned my tongue on a super spicy piece of pizza                                                                                   I am sorry you burned your tongue!\par
I had sexual relations with my long time crush\'01 and she gave me herpes                                                                                   I am sorry that your long time crush gave you herpes!\par
it was a good lunch                                                                                                                                   I am happy it was good!\par
The line moved really quickly on that ride                                                                                                I am glad to hear the line moved really quickly!\par
I got to leave work early                                                                                                                         I am glad you got to leave!\par
My son hurt my feelings by forgetting my birthday                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your son forgot your birthday!\par
The work I turned in was rejected by my boss                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your work rejection!\par
My boyfriend just got his PhD                                                                                                                  I am happy to hear he got his PhD!\par
He gave up learning guitar after some kids insulted him                                                                                   I am sad he gave up learning the guitar!\par
I can't find my cellphone anywhere                                                                                                         I am sad for your cellphone!\par
It's hard deciphering tone over text                                                                                                          I am sorry It's hard deciphering tone!\par
My daughter just told me she had a perfect score on her spelling test                                                                                   I am happy for your daughter!\par
They met me in the airport with warm smiles on their faces                                                                                   I am happy you were met at the airport with smiles!\par
My friends threw me a surprise party                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about your surprise party!\par
I thought I was well prepared but apparently\'01 I was wrong                                                                                   I am sorry you felt prepared but things didn't work out!\par
I just got the new cookbook in the mail                                                                                                 I am glad about your cookbook!\par
My car broke down today                                                                                                                             I am sad about your car trouble!\par
I just adopted a corgi from the animal shelter                                                                                         I am glad you adopted a corgi!\par
Our house went up in flames because of a fire in the chimney                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the fire!\par
My mom said it's a very reliable company                                                                                            I am glad the company will be reliable!\par
My mother kicked me out of the house and told me to get a job                                                                                   I am sad to hear that you got kicked out!\par
I embarrassed my friends at the bar                                                                                                     I am sad for your embarrassment\'01!\par
I forgot dinner was in the oven\'01 and it burned                                                                                   I am sorry you burned the dinner!\par
I was playing with a knife and ended up cutting myself                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you cut yourself!\par
My dad's car got in a wreck and I have to go pick him up after work                                                                                   I am sorry about the car wreck!\par
My red pepper pizza was a big hit today during dinner                                                                                   I am glad that your red pepper pizza was a big hit!\par
I won the poetry contest at the coffee shop                                                                                          I am glad you won the contest!\par
I won some money on a scratch card                                                                                                          I am happy that you won some money!\par
I am not confident I can afford food this month                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you can't afford food!\par
The girl I asked out said yes                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear she said yes!\par
My cousin is taking singing lessons downstairs and I can't sleep                                                                                   I am sorry you can't sleep!\par
The save data in my video game got corrupted                                                                                   I am sorry the data corrupted!\par
I finally got the interest on the visa card lowered                                                                                   I am glad am so glad the interest was lowered!\par
My drawing of a horse won first place in the art fair today                                                                                   I am glad your drawing won first place!\par
I achieved all my fitness goals that I set out to accomplish                                                                                   I am glad to hear you achieved your goals!\par
It was so nice that my friends surprised me for my birthday                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your birthday!\par
I overslept and was late to work                                                                                                              I am sorry you were late for work!\par
I can't wrap my head around this project                                                                                                   I am sad that you can't wrap your head around it!\par
My mom's back pain is really bothering her                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your mom!\par
I don't know how I'm going to afford my medicine since the insurance doesn't cover it                                                                                   I am sorry about your medicine!\par
I finally found my missing sock                                                                                                                                I am happy you found the sock!\par
The break healed without a lot of pain                                                                                                    I am glad about the healing!\par
I just found out that I have been accepted into college                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you have been accepted!\par
I made a sand castle with my daughter and she seemed so proud                                                                                   i am happy she was proud of the sand castle!\par
I was walking in the house last night and tripped and twisted my ankle                                                                                   I am sad you were walking in the house and twisted your ankle!\par
I will need to go to the hospital                                                                                                                I am sorry you need to go to the hospital!\par
My laptop has all of a sudden started working again                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your again - working laptop!\par
I'm stuck in traffic                                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear you are stuck!\par
Jonah was excited to learn that he passed his driving test with no mistakes                                                                                   I am glad he passed his driving test!\par
My cookies were delicious                                                                                                                             I am glad to hear tasty cookies!\par
I broke my toe on the coffee table                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about your toe!\par
My phone freezes every 5 seconds and is totally unusable                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your unusable phone!\par
His bonus this year was double what it was last year                                                                                   I am glad to hear that his bonus was doubled!\par
One of my favorite childhood shows just came to Netflix                                                                                   I am glad one of your favorite childhood shows in on Netflix!\par
So it looks like she's wrecked our car                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear that she's wrecked our car!\par
I am finally done with college                                                                                                                       I am glad you are done!\par
My sister said she is leaving her husband and now I have to get an apartment for her immediately                                                                                                                                                  I am sad that she's leaving and you have to find an apartment!\par
My favorite toy was in the cereal box this morning                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the toy in the cereal box!\par
Mark is coming homer early from his military duty overseas                                                                                   I am glad that mark is coming home early!\par
We all laughed and danced for hours at the reception                                                                                   I am glad to hear you enjoyed yourselves at the reception!\par
I got some new shoes and they are cute                                                                                                     I am glad that you got new shoes!\par
I would like to give him a thank you gift                                                                                                    I am glad you want to give a gift!\par
Today I went grocery shopping and I got the phone number of the cute cashier                                                                                   I am glad you got her number!\par
Your friend hit my car                                                                                                                               I am sorry about the car! \par
I just found out that my cousin died                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about your cousin!\par
I went into a job interview and got hired on the spot                                                                                   I am glad to hear you were hired!\par
I save money each paycheck for a rainy day                                                                                           I am glad you save money each paycheck!\par
Somebody cut the U-lock on my bike                                                                                                      I am sorry someone cut the lock!\par
I won $ 50 when playing the lottery yesterday                                                                                   I am happy that you won yesterdays' lottery!\par
Our honeymoon to Florida was cancelled because of the hurricane                                                                                   i am sorry about your cancelled honeymoon!\par
my friend made me cry                                                                                                                               I am sorry they made you cry!\par
We just got engaged                                                                                                                                I am glad am so happy for you!\par
I was able to visit a farm today and pet all of the animals                                                                                   I am glad about you farm visit!\par
Today i finished updating my resume and I'm about to submit it                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your resume!\par
Despite my best efforts I did not get the job                                                                                             I am sorry about the job!\par
The food was beyond exceptional                                                                                                         I am happy about the food!\par
I tried a new recipe and it was awful                                                                                                     I am sorry the recipe was awful!\par
food not tasty                                                                                                                                           I am sorry about the taste!\par
I received everything I wanted for Christmas                                                                                          I am glad to hear your christmas went so well for you!\par
The ski trip to Colorado was wonderful                                                                                                              I am happy for the trip!\par
Someone broke into my house and stole my laptop last week                                                                                   I am sorry someone broke into your house!\par
She was miserable in the marriage                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear she was miserable!\par
I just received an eviction notice from my landlord                                                                                   I am sorry about the eviction!\par
I was playing basketball and I twisted my ankle badly                                                                                   I am sorry you twisted your ankle!\par
No one helped me out when I got mugged on the street                                                                                   I am sorry that no one helped you out!\par
My car went down into the ditch when I swerved to miss the deer                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your car went in a ditch!\par
The rain outside just won't stop and it is making me depressed as hell                                                                                   I am sorry your depressed!\par
I was laid off from work today                                                                                                                         I am sorry about your being laid off today!\par
I can't believe it\'01 I finally found my birth mom                                                                                   I am glad you found your birth mom!\par
Tonight my best friends are coming over for food and drinks                                                                                   I am glad your spending time with your friends tonight!\par
My part in the play was eliminated so I did not get to perform                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't perform in the play!\par
My garden produced a wonderful amount of crops this season                                                                                   I am happy for your productive garden!\par
My guinea pigs were doing the cutest thing this morning                                                                                   I am glad the guinea pigs were cute!\par
My boss denied my request for vacation time                                                                                   I am sorry you can't get vacation time!\par
I slept a full 8 hours and woke up refreshed                                                                                         I am glad you slept a full 8 hours!\par
My kidney transplant was successful                                                                                                     I am happy about the successful kidney transplant!\par
The polar bear cub's mom was killed by the hunters                                                                                   I am sad the polar bear cub's mom was killed!\par
I didn't have to shovel today                                                                                                                          I am glad you didn't have to!\par
My mom brought me some homemade soup that I love                                                                                   I am happy you got your favorite soup!\par
I'm never going there again\'01 that cashier was so rude                                                                                   I am sorry about the cashier!\par
All it took was good teamwork                                                                                                                  i am glad about the teamwork!\par
i lost my wallet and all my money was in it                                                                                             I am sorry you lost your wallet and money!\par
I got a good yield from my crops                                                                                                             I am glad you got a good yield!\par
How can they charge that much for such a small meal                                                                                   I am sorry to hear they charge that much!\par
It hurt too much to keep trying\'01 so I turned my back on them                                                                                   I am sorry it hurt!\par
The kids will be so excited come Christmas morning                                                                                   I am happy the kids will be excited!\par
Just because there is smoking permitted doesn't mean you should                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that smoking is permitted\'01 doesn't mean you should!\par
I knew it was time to get help                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear that you need help!\par
The son's choir took first place in the competition                                                                                   I am happy about the competition!\par
I had to pay a fine because I forgot to register my car                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your fine!\par
Someone threw away my lunch when I wasn't done eating it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your lunch go thrown away!\par
My migraine from yesterday finally went away                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your migraine!\par
She found out today that the cancer had spread                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the cancer spread!\par
Suzy just found out that her cancer is in remission                                                                                   I am happy to hear about suzy's cancer!\par
While ice skating at the public rink I feel down on my butt many times                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you fell on your butt!\par
At the store today I was able to find my favourite lotion and buy it                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your lotion!\par
My best friend is dealing with depression                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your friends depression!\par
I just heard that they're remaking my favorite movie                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the movie!\par
My boss won't give me the time off                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear you can't get the time off!\par
My children were blessed when the local fire department gave them toys for Christmas                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you're blessed!\par
My husband brought home a new puppy and I love him                                                                                   I am glad you have a new puppy!\par
My favorite snack is back at the store                                                                                                        I am glad your favorite snack is back!\par
I got a new bike                                                                                                                                           I am glad you got a bike!\par
I got the worst haircut imaginable at supercuts                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you had the worst haircut!\par
I had the most delicious coffee this morning                                                                                            I am glad to hear that you had delicious coffee!\par
We had a great time at Disney land                                                                                                          I AM HAPPY YOU HAD A GOOD TIME!\par
Nana's house burned down                                                                                                                           I am sorry about Nana's house!\par
Someone is stalking me right now                                                                                                              I am sorry you have a stalker!\par
I'm going to head to the lake for a weekend camping trip                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the trip!\par
I just had to spend $ 2000 at the emergency room last night                                                                                   I am sorry you spent $ 2000 last night!\par
I am excited to tell people that I have found a great new job                                                                                   I am glad you are excited to tell people!\par
The judge sided with my ex husband and gave him custody of our kids in court today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your ex husband!\par
I got a great role on the show                                                                                                                   I am happy you got the role!\par
The plumber can't get here til Friday                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear the plumber will be late!\par
No matter what I do the cat keeps meowing when I'm trying to sleep                                                                                   I am sorry about your meowing cat!\par
After doing the laundry\'01 I found a sock I 'd lost a month ago                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the sock you found!\par
My house is finally done with the renovation                                                                                           I am glad the renovations are done!\par
I ate a delicious meal at the new restaurant                                                                                                I am glad you had a delicious meal!\par
My husband brought me a bouquet of flowers just because                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the flowers!\par
I broke my leg trying to skateboard                                                                                                             I am sorry you broke your leg!\par
My stocks just plummeted and I'm wiped out                                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear you're wiped out!\par
I popped a tire on the way to work                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about your popped tire!\par
I accidentally got bleach in my eyes yesterday and had to go to the emergency room                                                                                   I am sorry you got bleach in your eyes!\par
I have to go shovel some snow so I can't go\'01 sorry                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you have to shovel snow instead!\par
They accepted our offer on the house                                                                                                       I am glad the house offer was accepted!\par
I am too lazy to recycle consitantly                                                                                                        I am sorry you are too lazy to recycle!\par
He didn't get selected for the travel ball team                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get on the team!\par
Our vacation has been booked for the summer                                                                                   I am happy about your summer vacation!\par
The publisher just accepted my book                                                                                                        I am happy about the book!\par
The doctor said it was twins                                                                                                                         I am glad to hear your news!\par
Today I had enough courage to ask out my crush and she said yes                                                                                   I am happy you asked out your crush!\par
They had my favorite soup in the bread bowl at the cafe we went to                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the bread bowl soup!\par
He found a rare book for me this afternoon                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the book!\par
I finally finished my kitchen remodel                                                                                                               I am glad that you finished!\par
My new haircut is just perfect                                                                                                                  I am happy you like your haircut!\par
The bread on my sandwhich at lunch was moldy                                                                                   I am sorry you ate a moldy sandwich!\par
I was supposed to finish reading my book today but I got lazy and put it off until tomorrow                                                                                   I am sad that you got lazy and put off your book reading!\par
My house plant died while I was on vacation                                                                                     I am sorry that your house plant died!\par
My niece was just crowned Miss Prairie State                                                                                        I am happy your niece was crowned Miss Prairie State!\par
My dog died this morning                                                                                                                            I am sorry about your dog!\par
I wanted to go out but had to stay in and baby sit my niece                                                                                   I am sad you couldn't go out because you were babysitting!\par
Everyone at the restaurant where I was dining complained about the soup                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the soup!\par
I loved waking up and seeing a blanket of snow on the ground                                                                                   I am happy you love seeing so much snow on the ground!\par
i fell down and injured my arm                                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about the accident!\par
We live in a highly superficial society                                                                                                                I am sad were live in a superficial society!\par
I'm still finding positive things about this project                                                                                   I am happy about the project!\par
Caffeine gives me a nice boost for the day ahead                                                                                   I am glad caffeine gives you a boost!\par
I won Monopoly last night for the first time                                                                                          I am glad about your win!\par
This steak is tough                                                                                                                                   I am sad your steak is tough!\par
My computer's motherboard was destroyed by an electrical surge                                                                                   I am sad your motherboard's fried!\par
It looks like my friend's sentence has been reduced to six months                                                                                   I am happy your friend's sentence was reduced!\par
He was a pretty scary man\'01 he followed me all the way to my car                                                                                   I am sorry you were followed!\par
My water bill is twice the amount it usually is                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about water bill!\par
My identity was stolen by hackers thanks to my bank's website                                                                                   I am sorry that your identity was stolen!\par
After today will be two months delinquent on our power bill                                                                                   I am sad you will be two months delinquent on your power bill!\par
My cat at a mouse that had eaten rat poison                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about your cat!\par
My application for welfare was rejected                                                                                                I am sorry you were rejected for welfare!\par
I absolutely can't wait to go on vacation to Spain next month                                                                                   I am happy that you can't wait to go on vacation!\par
My husband's dentures were eaten by the dog                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your husband's dentures!\par
I just found out that I have diabetes                                                                                                     I am sorry about the diabetes!\par
The therapist said that\'01 because of my willingness\'01 she would work out a payment plan I could afford                                                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about the payment plan!\par
I can't believe that I just broke that expensive TV                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the TV!\par
My mom's test results came back\'01 her lupus is getting a lot better                                                                                   I am glad your mom's better!\par
I accidentally ate a bug on my bike ride                                                                                                  I am sorry about the bug!\par
My girlfriend had an affair with another man                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about your girlfriend!\par
I passed my exam that I forgot to study for                                                                                          I am happy you passed the exam!\par
I was amazed that I got to witness my cat give birth to her kittens                                                                                   I am glad you got to witness your cat give birth!\par
Only two more hours until the work week is over\'01 and I'm ready to party                                                                                   I am glad to hear your excitement for the party!\par
My house note is too expensive                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear your house note is pricey!\par
My son was just voted most likely to suceed                                                                                      I am glad for your son!\par
My dad is extremely ill                                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your dad!\par
I got some coupons to my favorite fast food restaurant in the mail                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you received coupons to your favorite fast food restaurant!\par
I was arrested for a DUI                                                                                                                            I am sorry you were arrested!\par
The bloods are coming to kill me                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear they are coming to kill you!\par
We're getting a new car tomorrow                                                                                                                    I am glad your getting a new car!\par
I can't believe the plumber is two hours late                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about the plumber being late!\par
I am going to the movies with my niece\'01 she is about to see Fantasia for the first time                                                                                   I am glad to hear your niece will see Fantasia for the first time!\par
We were able to complete the project ahead of the deadline                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your project!\par
My daughter didn't failed and won't be moving up a grade next school year                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your daughter was failed!\par
My husband gave me a beautiful ring for Valentine's Day                                                                                   I am glad you got a nice ring for Valentine's day!\par
I got a flat tire on the way to work today                                                                                                    I am sorry you got a flat!\par
I finally finished the video game I have been creating for a few years                                                                                   I am happy you finished creating the video game!\par
I'm worried about losing my job\'01 my boss seems to hate me                                                                                   I am sorry about your boss!\par
The childrens choir put on a grand performance at the school                                                                                   I am glad the children's choir had a great performance!\par
Taking care of rest cycles also can be good for the soul                                                                                   I am glad to hear about rest!\par
I tried to disable the alerts but they kept going off all night and I couldn't sleep                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that the alerts kept going off all night!\par
My family is flying out for a fun visit next week                                                                                   I am glad you get to see your family!\par
I can not wait until we go to Universal Studios this summer                                                                                   I am happy that you are going to Universal Studios!\par
I took my son's temperature and it was 103 degrees                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your son's temperature was 103 degrees!\par
My cousin just had a baby boy                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about the baby!\par
Someone punched a hole in my wall during a house party                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your wall!\par
My boyfriend just told me he loves me                                                                                                   I am happy your boyfriend loves you!\par
Today is my husbands birthday and I bought him the thing he's been wanting for a long time\'01 he's gon na love it                                                                                                                           i am glad today is your husbands birthday!\par
My car didn't pass inspection\'01                                                                                                                 I am sorry your car didn't pass!\par
I lost my wallet                                                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about your wallet!\par
It is sad that I no longer feel safe in my hometown                                                                                   I am sorry you don't feel safe!\par
I messed up the report and now my boss is mad at me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your boss is mad!\par
A coworker gave me a free bagel this morning                                                                                   I am glad am so happy you got a free bagel!\par
I passed my drivers license test today with a perfect score                                                                                   i am happy for you!\par
I just read an amazing book                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you enjoyed the book!\par
Someone just ran over my cat                                                                                                                    I am sorry about your cat!\par
my bar was closed for violating regulation                                                                                             I am sorry to hear that your bar got closed!\par
I had a healthy baby boy                                                                                                                            I am happy for you baby!\par
I smiled at the beautiful lady                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your smile!\par
I was saddened when John Dingell died                                                                                                   I am sorry that you were saddened when he died!\par
I had an argument with my girlfriend                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear that you got into an argument!\par
We had a meeting at work about unwanted emails                                                                                   I am sorry about the unwanted emails!\par
I received a bad uber review                                                                                                                   I am sad you got a bad review!\par
A dog bit my finger                                                                                                                                        I am sorry about your finger!\par
My luggage was lost at the airport                                                                                                            I am sorry your luggage was lost!\par
I finally achieved my personal weight loss goal\'01 I lost 20 pounds                                                                                   I am happy to hear you lost 20 pounds!\par
My son received his scholarship will be starting his semester this year                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your son received this year's scholarship!\par
I am my worst critic                                                                                                                                  I am sorry you are a critic!\par
My cat is going to be okay it looks like\'01 the vet said                                                                                   I am happy about your cat!\par
My dog got out last night and was hit                                                                                                         I am sorry about your dog got hit!\par
My mother loves me the most                                                                                                                  I am glad am so glad you are loved!\par
My credit score just took a nose dive due to my hospital bills                                                                                   I am sorry about your credit score!\par
The hot water heater for my house broke during the winter                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your hot water heater broke!\par
We just installed a new hot tub                                                                                                                     I am glad about your hot tub!\par
I spilled my mocha all over the carpet                                                                                                         I am sad your carpet got stained!\par
The fancy keyboard that I ordered from China finally showed up today                                                                                   I am happy your keyboard showed up from China!\par
It's tough swearing off alcohol                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear you about that!\par
I locked my keys in my car                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear you got locked out!\par
I found $ 5 on the sidewalk at school                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you found $ 5!\par
My puppy was found safe after he broke out of the yard                                                                                   I am glad to hear the dog's safe!\par
The trash did not get picked up this week                                                                                                     I am sorry about the trash!\par
It was the best time of our lives                                                                                                               I am glad to hear it was the best time!\par
I finished my work by the strict deadline today                                                                                   I am happy you met your deadline at work!\par
I was late to the airport and missed my flight                                                                                     I am sorry you missed your flight!\par
We just won the big game                                                                                                                        I am happy you won the game!\par
There were no Ritz crackers at the store when I went in for some                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the Ritz crackers!\par
i get to go to Knott's Berry Farm next week                                                                                                 I am glad you get to go to Knott's Berry Farm!\par
My nephew just flunked out of college                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your nephew flunked!\par
My mom will make partner                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your mom making partner!\par
My bread dough didn't rise and now all of my loaves are ruined                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your bread was ruined!\par
My health insurance was cancelled\'01 and now i'm paying a fortune for my medications                                                                                   I am sorry your insurance was cancelled and you had to pay for you on medication!\par
My cat threw up all over my bedspread just now                                                                                   I am sad your cat threw up!\par
My toaster caught on fire                                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about fire!\par
My students told me I was their favorite teacher today\'01 and that really made my day                                                                                   I am glad that made your day!\par
Her hand tremors were getting worse                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear her tremors were getting worse!\par
My friend texted me back earlier today and said there is still room in the class                                                                                   I am glad that's true!\par
My brother is getting married next week\'01 I'm so excited                                                                                   I am happy about your brother!\par
Garlic was the special ingredient that earned the chef a blue ribbon                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the chef!\par
I published my first book and it was a total hit                                                                                   I am glad you published your first book!\par
I got to take a trip to the city with my friends                                                                                          I am glad to hear you got to take a trip!\par
The lemon tree I planted last year is already producing fruit                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your lemon tree!\par
I slipped in some water and cracked my femur                                                                                   I am sorry you slipped in water!\par
My family was killed in a horrific fire                                                                                                      I am sorry about your family!\par
The bus ran late\'01 so I was late for work today                                                                                   I am sorry you were late!\par
I did not get the job due to my criminal history                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get the job!\par
My puppy just learned to speak                                                                                                              I am glad to hear your puppy learned to speak!\par
I baked some cookies that taste exactly like Oreos\'01 I was so proud                                                                                   I am glad you baked some cookies that taste exactly like Oreo's!\par
The group left me out of the photo and my feelings were hurt                                                                                   I am sad you were left out!\par
I got a bad mud stain on my pants                                                                                                           I am sorry about the mud stain!\par
Today I wanted to ask out my crush but I was too afraid and didn't say anything to her                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your fear of asking out your crush!\par
The radio just played two of my favorite songs                                                                                   I am happy they played those songs!\par
My father gave me his old baseball cards that were precious to him                                                                                   I am happy your father gave you something precious!\par
I had a great time at the company party                                                                                                  I am glad you had a great time!\par
My sister said she won her case today                                                                                                  I am glad that your sister won her case!\par
I hate my new job its long hours and low pay                                                                                               I am sad you hate your new job!\par
We may lose our house now that I've lost my job                                                                                   I am sorry you may lose your house!\par
I haven't been able to log into my email all day                                                                                   I am sorry about your email log in!\par
I want to surprise my parents with a holiday cruise                                                                                   I am glad you're surprising your parents!\par
My sister baked me a confetti cake with pink frosting for my birthday                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the confetti your sister backed for your birthday!\par
My father gave all three children a solid gold coin for Christmas                                                                                   I am happy the children go gold coins!\par
We are really glad we invested in that company                                                                                   I am happy you chose to invest in that company!\par
I bought a brand new computer                                                                                                                I am glad you bought a computer!\par
My team came in first place at the meet                                                                                                           I am glad your team came in first place!\par
The waitress took a really long time to bring me my food                                                                                   I am sad about the food delay!\par
All of the food in my fridge spoiled when the power went out                                                                                   I am sad the power went out and food spoiled!\par
I just got my yearly bonus                                                                                                                       I am happy you got a bonus!\par
My application into the university was accepted                                                                                   I am glad your application was accepted!\par
I love the new grocery store\'01 it's so big and it has so much                                                                                   I am glad about the store!\par
I got to watch my favorite program on TV                                                                                           I am glad you seen your favorite program on TV!\par
My name shall be remembered forever                                                                                                   I am happy for you!\par
The baby's got croup                                                                                                                                  I am sorry about the baby!\par
I spilled the bag of groceries in the mud ruining them                                                                                   I am sad about the groceries!\par
I am going to the doctor\'01 I have had food poisoning for three days straight                                                                                   I am sorry you have food poisoning!\par
The sunshine feels amazing today                                                                                                             I am glad that the sunshine feels amazing!\par
The city finally replaced the streetlight outside my house                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your streetlight!\par
My husband and I have decided to adopt a baby                                                                                   I am happy that you had your husband adopted a baby!\par
I got a perfect score on my exam                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your exam!\par
I got locked out of my car today in this bitter cold weather                                                                                   I am sorry about getting locked out!\par
The water pump on my car just went out                                                                                                I am sorry the water pump just went out!\par
I just raked and now there are leaves all over the lawn                                                                                   I am sorry you raked and now there are more leaves!\par
My cranky father - in - law is going to have to come live with us                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your father - in - law is moving in!\par
I got all of my Christmas wrapping done before Christmas Eve                                                                                   I am happy you're done with the Christmas wrapping!\par
My sister just called and I am going to be an aunt                                                                                   I am glad you will be an aunt!\par
My son just adopted and brought home an adorable kitten                                                                                   I am glad to hear he adopted a kitten!\par
I lost my car keys                                                                                                                                      I am sorry you lost your keys!\par
I found out last week that I am going to be laid off                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you'll be laid off!\par
I just came back from spending 3 hours in the ER                                                                                   I am sorry you spent 3 hours at the ER!\par
My bank was very understanding of my mistake and reversed the charges                                                                                   I am glad to hear that the bank reversed the charges!\par
My credit card was declined when I tried to buy groceries for the week                                                                                   I am sorry your credit card was declined!\par
A celebrity I was dying to meet was very rude to me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the celebrity was rude!\par
My cat got out and ran away from home                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your cat!\par
My foster parents are going to adopt me                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about the adoption!\par
I was talking to my aunt and she told me my uncle won the lottery                                                                                   I am glad your uncle won!\par
My boyfriend is happy the pregnancy test was negative                                                                                   I am glad your boyfriend is happy!\par
How embarrassing to give the cashier your debit card and it be declined                                                                                   I am sorry about your card!\par
My chickens have all started laying again                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your chickens!\par
I felt loved                                                                                                                                                  I am glad you're loved!\par
I woke up with a raging headache this morning                                                                                   I am sorry your head hurt!\par
Our new puppy bites children                                                                                                                 I am sad about your new puppy!\par
The paper I submitted to a conference was accepted                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your paper!\par
We had to leave him behind\'01 not knowing if he would make it                                                                                   I am sad that you had to leave him behind!\par
I finally figured out the problem                                                                                                             I am glad you figured it out!\par
My cousin is going to be able to attend the wedding                                                                                   I am glad your cousin is attending the wedding!\par
I got the part in the musical                                                                                                                    I am glad to hear that you got the part!\par
I have to take my dog to the vet tomorrow\'01 he isn't feeling too well                                                                                   I am sorry you have to take the dog to the vet tomorrow!\par
My unit got downsized this week                                                                                                              I am sorry about the downsizing!\par
I'm only twenty but I feel like I am one hundred                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you feel old!\par
I can't get the nail polish I spilled off the countertop                                                                                   I am sorry about the spilled nail polish!\par
I have to take my cat to the vet and she is so upset that she threw up in her carrier                                                                                   I am sorry your cat was upset and threw up!\par
I fell down the stairs                                                                                                                                    I am sorry that you fell down!\par
I wrecked my car last night and its totalled                                                                                             I am sorry your car is totalled!\par
I have to cancel my vacation due to the hurricane                                                                                   I am sorry am so sorry you had to cancel!\par
I bought my little girl a new pony                                                                                                             I am happy to hear you bought your girl a pony!\par
My phone got upgraded                                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about your upgrade!\par
i found twenty dollars                                                                                                                                 I am glad you found a twenty!\par
My dress does not fit properly for the gala                                                                                             I am sorry your dress doesn't fit!\par
I drink my own blood sometimes                                                                                                              I am sorry you drink your own blood!\par
I lost my last puzzle piece and can't finish my puzzle                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about losing a puzzle piece!\par
My noisy neighbors kept me up all night                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you were kept up by neighbor noise!\par
My boss loved her birthday cake I made her                                                                                             I am glad you boss loved her birthday cake!\par
I went to a book signing for one of my favorite authors and got his signature                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got the signature!\par
THe main dorm at campus is flooded                                                                                                          I am sorry the dorm is flooded!\par
I got a dishwasher today and it's made everything so much easier                                                                                   I am glad you got a dishwasher today!\par
My cat hasn't been eating his food                                                                                                         I am sorry about your cat!\par
I took karate lessons today and it was a lot of fun                                                                                   I am glad to hear about karate lessons!\par
I found those earrings I thought I 'd lost                                                                                                     I am glad the earrings were found!\par
The movie I paid to see in theaters was well worth the money                                                                                   I am happy to hear the movie was worth it!\par
The show was totally worth the wait                                                                                                     I am glad the show was worth it!\par
My boyfriend said this was his favorite dress of mine this morning                                                                                   I am glad your boyfriend likes your dress!\par
My grandmother got a clean bill of health                                                                                                 I am happy for your grandmother's health!\par
I walked on my deck barefoot and ended up with a splinter in my heel                                                                                   I am sorry you got a splinter!\par
The tattoo artist really messed up my tattoo                                                                                              i am sorry they messed up your tattoo!\par
My pants fell down while running down the school hall                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your pants!\par
This morning I woke up and saw that my lost cat has returned                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your cat!\par
My grass is all dry right now outside                                                                                                       I am sad that your grass is dry!\par
I did not get the job                                                                                                                                 I am sorry you didn't get the job!\par
Today I went to the gym but I ended up injuring myself                                                                                   I am sorry you got hurt at the gym!\par
My cable got cut off                                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about your cable!\par
I received a failing grade on the test last week                                                                                   I am sorry about your failing grade!\par
My mom came to visit\'01 and she brought me my favorite cookies                                                                                   I am glad your mom came to visit!\par
My car needs new brakes that I can't really afford to buy                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the brakes!\par
I saved on my electric bill this year by hanging my clothes instead of using the dryer                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your savings!\par
Someone dented my car in the parking lot                                                                                               I am sorry about your car!\par
I found a very expensive item at a yard sale and turned a big profit on it                                                                                   I am glad you made a profit on the item from the yard sale!\par
I am being evicted                                                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear that!\par
My boyfriend was just promoted to manager                                                                                             I am glad about the promotion!\par
My favorite mug got broken while washing dishes today                                                                                   I am sorry your mug broke!\par
I tried a new recipe today and it turned out perfectly                                                                                   I am glad the new recipe turn out perfectly!\par
I just got an A on my exam                                                                                                                        I am glad about your A!\par
I got to leave work early today                                                                                                                    I am happy you got to leave early!\par
I can't afford to pay my internet bill this month                                                                                   I am sorry you cant pay!\par
We got a new instructor half way through the semester                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your instructor!\par
My stylist gave me the perfect haircut                                                                                                    I am happy that you got the perfect haircut!\par
I preordered a new book but the store said they forgot to order it                                                                                   I am sorry you preordered a new book but they forgot to order it!\par
Trying to potty train has been a disaster                                                                                               I am sorry about the potty training!\par
I beat my personal best record in bench pressing at the gym today                                                                                   I am glad you beat your bench press record!\par
I just got asked to the prom                                                                                                                        I am happy about you and the prom!\par
Three days after the warranty ran out the TV stopped turning on                                                                                   I am sorry that the TV stopped turning on!\par
Someone slashed all my car tires for no reason                                                                                   I am sorry someone slashed your tires!\par
I didn't listen to the warnings and drank the water\'01 now I'm sick                                                                                   I am sorry you got sick!\par
My handbag fell out in the mall                                                                                                                   I am sad to hear your handbag fell out!\par
My dog has a thorn in his foot and is limping                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about your dog's limping problem!\par
My best friend just found out she's pregnant                                                                                            I am happy to hear about your friends' pregnancy!\par
I saw my boyfriend last night and he was looking quite handsome                                                                                   I am happy he was looking quite handsome!\par
I got to be an extra in a famous movie                                                                                                     I am happy you got to be an extra!\par
I learned to play an instrument                                                                                                                 I am glad to hear that you learned to play!\par
My family won a vacation trip from the grocery store sweepstakes                                                                                   i am glad you won a trip!\par
i got a new puppy                                                                                                                                         I am happy about the puppy!\par
My car broke down again                                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear your car is not working!\par
I spilled red wine and ruined my favorite sweater                                                                                   I am sorry you ruined your dress!\par
I had problems staying awake                                                                                                                I am sad that you couldn't stay awake!\par
I can't believe I still haven't gotten a job after all this time                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you haven't gotten a job!\par
My dad was shovelling the driveway and ended up having a heart attack                                                                                   I am sorry about your dad!\par
My pizza was free just because it was a minute late                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got a pizza!\par
As of today\'01 I am officially no longer in debt                                                                                          I am glad you are no longer in debt!\par
I tried to call off this morning from being sick and my boss didn't believe me and is mad                                                                                   I am sorry you got sick!\par
Many people want to meet me                                                                                                               I am glad to hear people want to meet you!\par
My dog is so cute when he cuddles with me                                                                                         I am glad your dog is so cute!\par
I feel so positive about today                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear that you feel positive!\par
Someone I have had a crush on for awhile asked if I wanted to go to dinner today                                                                                   I am happy to hear someone asked you to dinner!\par
I just heard back from the company I applied for a job at and they said I did not get the job                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you didn't get the job!\par
It is painfully obvious she has an eating disorder                                                                                   I am sorry she has an eating disorder!\par
Tom and Betsy have irreparable differences\'01 and\'01 sadly\'01 have decided to separate                                                                                   I am sad Tom and Betsy have decided to separate!\par
I was able to upgrade to the new iPhone for free                                                                                   I am glad you got the new iPhone!\par
My husband left me                                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your husband left!\par
The lake froze over so me and my friends got to play hockey                                                                                   I am glad you got to play hockey!\par
My entire family was throwing up for 3 weeks                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your family was throwing up!\par
I just got a pay raise and it's over 10 %                                                                                                       I am happy you got a raise!\par
We found an old slinky at the thrift store                                                                                              I am glad you found an old slinky!\par
We are taking our first trip to New Zealand                                                                                               I am glad to hear about the trip!\par
There was no way to right this wrong                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear there is no way!\par
The veterinarian did everything she could to save Lucky\'01 but he ultimately had to be put to sleep                                                                                                                                                             I am sad that your dog died!\par
I won a season pass to Disneyland                                                                                                               I am glad you won a season pass!\par
I won a blue ribbon for my home made jelly                                                                                            I am glad to hear you won!\par
My teacher said I was the greatest dancer she's ever seen                                                                                   I am glad your teacher said you were the greatest dancer!\par
My plants all froze in the freeze                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about your plants!\par
I came in first in the box car race                                                                                                          I am glad that you came in first!\par
I finally found a pair of jeans that fits me                                                                                                  I am glad you found jeans!\par
My mental health is giving me problems                                                                                                  I am sorry about your health!\par
My friend brought a delicious cake to work today                                                                                   I am glad to hear your friend brought cake to work!\par
I failed my final exam in math class                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear you failed your math final exam!\par
I treated my grandson to a ski trip for the weekend                                                                                   I am happy to hear you took your grandson skiing!\par
I found $ 75 in a pocket in my dryer                                                                                                         I am glad you found $ 75!\par
My medical bills are just too much                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about the medical bills!\par
My mother wouldn't let me rent a video game I really wanted because it was rated M                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get to rent the video game!\par
I got a great deal on my new car                                                                                                                 I am happy you got a deal!\par
I dropped my phone and cracked the screen                                                                                           I am sad that you cracked your phone screen!\par
I'm looking forward to the party next week                                                                                           I am glad to hear you're looking forward to the party!\par
My coworker got laid off today with no warning                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your coworker!\par
I got hired on at my dream company                                                                                                          I am glad about your job!\par
I got a new high card limit                                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your card!\par
My in - laws that I despise decided to come to Christmas dinner and ruined the whole thing                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your in - laws!\par
The person in front of me was driving like they were drunk                                                                                   I am sorry they were driving drunk!\par
My oven is fixed\'01 now I can actually cook                                                                                                I am happy the oven's fixed to cook!\par
I had to work late for the third time this week and missed my son's ballgame                                                                                   I am sorry I had to work late again!\par
My mom just won $ 20 on a scratch ticket                                                                                              I am glad to hear that your mom won $ 20!\par
My ducks that live in my pond had ducklings                                                                                          I am glad your ducks had ducklings!\par
I just reached one million subscribers on YouTube                                                                                   I am glad to hear you reached one million!\par
I accidentally locked my keys in my car                                                                                                        I am sorry you car keys got locked!\par
Someone tried to cut my hair off                                                                                                          I am sorry someone tried to cut your hair!\par
I feel so bad for her losing her mother that way                                                                                   I am sorry you feel bad she lost her mom!\par
I was angry when it happened again a week later                                                                                   I am sorry to hear it happened again!\par
The wedding planner did an outstanding job with the wedding arrangements                                                                                   I am glad the wedding planner did an outstanding job!\par
I'm feeling a little under the weather lately                                                                                           I am sorry your feeling a little under the weather!\par
My uncle was able to find a new job with a great salary                                                                                   I am glad your uncle was able to find a job!\par
My sister is getting married today                                                                                                           I am glad your sister is getting married!\par
I got stabbed by a rusty nail                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about the nail!\par
I cut my hand while trying to chop the onion                                                                                              I am sorry you cut your hand!\par
The neighborhood kids washed everyone's cars just because it was hot out                                                                                   I am happy the neighborhood kids washed everyone's cars!\par
My friend is bringing beer                                                                                                                      I am happy about the beer!\par
I can't get the peach salsa I like at the store I go to anymore                                                                                   I am sorry your peach salsa is no longer available!\par
I was climbing down a ladder\'01 fell and twisted my ankle                                                                                   I am sorry you fell down a ladder!\par
I have to use the restroom so badly and the one here is out of order                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you had to use the restroom and is out of order!\par
I burned the popcorn badly                                                                                                                    I am sorry you burned the popcorn!\par
I blew out one of my tires on the way to the park                                                                                   I am sorry you blew out one of your tires!\par
I just had the best cup of coffee ever                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about the coffee!\par
All of the horses in my mom's stable were upset all night so I didn't get any sleep                                                                                   I am sorry about the horses keeping you up all night!\par
My kid came home with a sickness from school yesterday                                                                                   I am sorry your kid is sick!\par
My sister gave me a very nice Christmas card this year                                                                                   I am glad you got a nice card!\par
I lost my money                                                                                                                                                I am sorry that you lost it!\par
All of the classes I really wanted to take are already full                                                                                   I am sad the classes are full!\par
I accidentally put a $ 100 into the Salvation Army donation bucket instead of a $ 1\'01 and that was my grocery money                                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear you accidentally put a $ 100 into the Salvation Army donation bucket!\par
I made some great blackberry jam from some blackberries behind my house                                                                                   i am glad you made the blackberry jam!\par
my hotel licence application was approved                                                                                            I am glad to hear about your hotel license!\par
I forgot to pick up my son from the airport                                                                                               I am sad you forgot to pick up your son!\par
My grandmother finally paid off her mortgage                                                                                   I am glad to hear the mortage was paid!\par
My favorite episode of The Simpsons came on TV                                                                                   I am happy that your favorite Simpsons episode came on!\par
I am pretty sure I failed my last quiz because I didn't study                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you think you failed!\par
I won the bake - off                                                                                                                                   I am happy you won!\par
Tonight I had to stay late at work because there was so much to get done before the weekend                                                                                                                                                      I am glad that you got that work done!\par
He smeared his oatmeal all over the table                                                                                            I am sorry about the oatmeal on the table!\par
I fell down my stairs and sprained my arm                                                                                                I am sorry you sprained your arm!\par
My parents got a new puppy                                                                                                                          I am glad about the puppy!\par
I just recieved a call from the employment agency and I got the job                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the job!\par
I think of all the lies I've told them                                                                                                              I am sorry for all the lies!\par
I stepped on a piece of lego and hurt my foot                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your foot!\par
I am not sure I can deal with this much longer                                                                                   I am sorry you're unsure!\par
I am learning to like being in my own skin                                                                                            I am glad you are learning!\par
Old plumbing caused the leak                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about the leak!\par
The hostess of the party made sure everyone had a nice time                                                                                   I am happy about the party!\par
My husband brought cheesecake home for me                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the cheesecake!\par
I attended the funeral                                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about the funeral!\par
My hair tie is too tight and it's been giving me a headache                                                                                   I am sorry you have a headache!\par
I lost my key off of my keychain today and couldn't get into the house                                                                                   I am sorry you lost your key!\par
My dog ran away from home                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about your dog!\par
Dinner at that restaurant made me sick                                                                                                        I am sorry you got sick at that restaurant!\par
Her teachers made her an adorable Santa - themed place mat                                                                                   I am glad her teacher made her a place mat!\par
I finally found my bundt pan I've been looking for since Friday                                                                                   I am glad you found the pan!\par
The roses in my front yard are in bloom                                                                                                    I am glad to hear your Roses are blooming!\par
My proposal to speak at the conference was accepted                                                                                   I am glad to hear you are going to speak!\par
How does he expect us to read all of this in one day                                                                                   I am sad that he expects us to read all this!\par
We all ended up getting the scholarship we had worked so hard for                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got the scholarship!\par
It started raining before the big game and it had to be canceled                                                                                   I am sorry about the game!\par
My child hasn't written her thank you notes yet                                                                                   I am sad you child hasn't written her notes yet!\par
The store had my favorite flavor of ice cream                                                                                    I am happy they had your flavor!\par
My dog is doing very well at obedience training                                                                                   I am happy your dog is doing well!\par
I stepped on a pushpin that was stuck in the carpet and accidentally got blood everywhere                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you stepped on a pushpin!\par
Over the summer I learned some great new hobbies                                                                                   I am glad you learn some new hobbies!\par
I got the job I've wanted for my whole life                                                                                             I am happy you got your ideal job!\par
My dog got really sick last night and kept me awake                                                                                   I am sad your dog got sick and kept you up!\par
I won the contest                                                                                                                                           I am glad you won!\par
I lost my wallet on the train                                                                                                                       I am sad to hear about your wallet!\par
My new car was $ 2,000 less than what I was expecting to pay                                                                                   I am glad that your new car was less than you expected to pay!\par
I fell down in the garden and broke my foot                                                                                                I am sorry you broke your foot\'01!\par
Proper medication can help with anxiety                                                                                             I am glad to hear there is help for anxiety!\par
The meatloaf was dry and no one wanted to finish it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the meatloaf!\par
I got bitten by a spider last night                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear a spider bit you!\par
I got my my application approved today                                                                                                 I am happy about your application!\par
The famous chef prepared a special meal for our work gorup                                                                                   i am glad the chef made you a special meal!\par
Taking care of my hygiene is a good start                                                                                                  I am glad you are taking care of your hygiene!\par
I definitely need new glasses                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the new glasses!\par
I was granted the week off work that I requested                                                                                   I am glad for your week off!\par
Our offer on the new house was approved today                                                                                   I am happy you got the house!\par
I just paid off my credit cards and now im debt free                                                                                   I am glad you're debt free!\par
I just made the best homemade pickles                                                                                                 I am glad about your pickles!\par
The quote for my house repairs was much higher than I was expecting                                                                                   I am sorry the quote was higher than you were expecting!\par
She cried as she read her rejection letter from her dream college                                                                                   I am sorry she cried and got rejected by her dream college!\par
Someone that heard the song I wrote said it sucked                                                                                   I am sorry someone said your song sucked!\par
The dog pound picked up my dog and I don't have any money to get him out                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you don't have money to get your dog out!\par
She skinned her elbow skateboarding                                                                                                      I am sorry you skinned your elbow!\par
The fire consumed my dog                                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about your dog!\par
I haven't had a day off work in 21 days\'01 which makes me worn out                                                                                   I am sorry you haven't had a day off work!\par
I spilled hot coffee all over myself                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about the spill!\par
I passed my final exam                                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear you passed!\par
I got mugged on my way to work                                                                                                                   I am sorry you got mugged!\par
My favorite aunt is in town for a visit                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about your aunt!\par
Everyone was happy with the dinner I cooked                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your dinner made everyone happy!\par
My house was burglarized                                                                                                                      I am sorry about your house!\par
I took a wrong turn and now I'm lost                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear you're lost!\par
The weather is beautiful today                                                                                                                 I am happy about today's beautiful weather!\par
I dropped a jar of pickles on my toe                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about your toe!\par
I had a nice game of fetch with my dog                                                                                                      I am glad you had fun playing fetch!\par
We got the house we placed a bid on                                                                                                      i am happy about house!\par
I stubbed my toe on my night table                                                                                                       I am sorry you stubbed your toe!\par
The dress tore at the seams                                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear the dress tore!\par
I am getting a promotion at work                                                                                                           I am glad that you are getting a promotion!\par
I have problems standing up for myself                                                                                                I am sorry you can't stick up for yourself!\par
I can't believe that we are going to Las Vegas tomorrow                                                                                   I am glad you are going to Las Vegas!\par
My french onion soup turned out to be the best I've ever tasted                                                                                   I am glad the soup tasted good!\par
My mother in law started a fight at my wedding                                                                                   I am sorry she started a fight!\par
Our daughter found a lump on her leg that is cancerous                                                                                   I am sorry about your daughter's cancer!\par
The pregnancy test came back positive                                                                                                      I am glad the pregnancy teste is positive!\par
The place I interviewed at is going to hire someone else                                                                                   I am sorry they're going to hire someone else!\par
My brother is going to be buried on Saturday                                                                                     I am sorry your brother is going to be buried!\par
She got an unexpected bonus from her boss                                                                                            I am happy about the bonus!\par
I didn't have just one flat tire\'01 but two                                                                                                I am sorry about the tires!\par
I finally got an interview with the school                                                                                                I am glad you finally got an interview!\par
I got most beautiful in the contest                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about the contest\'01!\par
My horse threw me during the competition and I lost                                                                                   I am sorry you lost!\par
The game i created was reviewed highly by critics                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your game!\par
I lost my job today                                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your job!\par
my wife slept with another man                                                                                                            I am sorry about your wife!\par
The CD drive in my car just broke                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about the CD drive!\par
I am having fun exploring new avenues for business projects                                                                                   I am happy that you are exploring new projects!\par
Our new ship will depart tomorrow                                                                                                             I am glad your ship will depart!\par
My cat's allergies are gone and she feels much better                                                                                   I am glad your cat feels much better!\par
My husband is mad at me                                                                                                                        I am sad your husband is sad at you!\par
My daughter is marrying a man I don't like at all                                                                                   I am sorry about your daughter!\par
I was supposed to have lunch with my sister but she never showed up                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your sister never showed up!\par
My charger is working now                                                                                                                          I am glad it's working!\par
I found this great Chinese food restaurant earlier today                                                                                   I am glad you found a chinese restaurant!\par
The spacebar key stopped working today                                                                                                   i am sorry your spacebar key isn't working!\par
I have finally discovered the best chocolate chip cookies                                                                                   I am glad you found the best chocolate chip cookies!\par
In elementary school\'01 kids made fun of us for being different                                                                                   I am sorry kids made fun of you!\par
I learned a new song on my guitar today                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about the new song!\par
I forgot to set my alarm and missed the important meeting                                                                                   I am sad about you missing the meeting!\par
The moldy food made him sick                                                                                                               I am sorry that you got sick!\par
We're having my favorite meal for dinner tonight                                                                                   I am glad to hear you will have your favorite food!\par
I won a life time supply of coffee in a contest                                                                                      I am happy you won so much coffee!\par
The kids played until it was time for dinner                                                                                            i am happy about kidds!\par
My favorite TV show got canceled                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about your show!\par
The casting agency said I was too ugly to be a model                                                                                   I am sorry for the casting agency!\par
I learned how to woodcarve last week\'01 I made this cool flute                                                                                   I am glad to hear you learned to make a cool flute!\par
I just earned 100 dollars in a bet                                                                                                               I am happy you won the bet!\par
I got to bring home a new pet bird today                                                                                                   I am glad you were able to bring a new pet bird home!   \par
I finally got hired on at my dream job                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about the job!\par
Our new boat it perfect                                                                                                                             I am glad about the boat!\par
My car broke down and I couldn't get anyone to come help me                                                                                   I am sad my car broke down!\par
I won't need that tooth pulled after all                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about the tooth!\par
I got a lot of compliments on my suit                                                                                                      I am happy that people liked your suit!\par
Today I lost my wedding ring                                                                                                                 I am sorry about the ring!\par
We just renewed our vows in a chapel overlooking the Grand Canyon                                                                                   I am glad you renewed your vows!\par
Watching cats play with random objects is so much fun                                                                                   I am glad you're having fun watching cats play!\par
Both kids are home sick with stomach viruses                                                                                          i am sorry the kids are sick!\par
My grandson ran away from home last night                                                                                            I am sorry to hear your grandson ran away!\par
I spilled coffee all over my computer keyboard                                                                                   I am sorry about your computer keyboard!\par
I can't imagine a more perfect gift - I feel so lucky                                                                                   I am glad to hear your gift was perfect!\par
My sister's dog saved her kids from the person at the door                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your sister's kids!\par
I have conjunctivitis and my eyes are stinging too badly to go to work                                                                                   I am sorry that your eyes hurt and you can't work!\par
I received a fat bonus cheque from my boss at work                                                                                   I am glad you received a bonus cheque!\par
I was asked to be a guest of honor at a local event                                                                                   I am happy that you were asked to be a guest of honor!\par
I had a meeting with my manager where I got a warning about my work habits                                                                                   I am sorry you got warned!\par
My boss gave me a pay raise at work                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about your raise!\par
The last bus left before I could find my tokens so I had to walk home                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you had to walk home!\par
today the sale went very well                                                                                                                I am glad the sale went well!\par
I was able to sneak into the last spot for that cooking class everyone wanted to take                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you sneak into last spot!\par
Today is my third day in a row of not smoking                                                                                   I am happy you're not smoking!\par
Everyone was so happy to be reunited                                                                                                I am glad everyone was reunited!\par
My son just said his first words                                                                                                                   I am glad your son said his first words!\par
I dropped my cell phone while I was in the bathroom and the screen cracked                                                                                   I am sorry your screen cracked!\par
I ruined my relationship with my friend and I don't know how to fix it                                                                                   I am sorry about your ruined friend relationship!\par
I didn't get a chance to finish reading the book for the book club and they're meeting today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the clubs meeting before you finished the book!\par
I remember seeing the lake for the first time                                                                                           I am glad to hear that you remember!\par
He overslept and missed his train                                                                                                          I am sad that he overslept!\par
my wife was admitted in the hospital today                                                                                           I am sorry about your wife's situation!\par
I peed myself on the way home                                                                                                                I am sorry you peed yourself!\par
The politician that I wanted to run my local area won their race                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the politician that you wanted to run!\par
I stubbed my toe yesterday\'01 and it still hurts                                                                                           I am sorry about your toe!\par
I got to chop down some trees and use that for firewood instead of having to buy some                                                                                   I am glad your hard work chopping saved you money!\par
I bought these cute salt and pepper shakers 80 % off                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you bought them for 80 % off!\par
My sandal fell off on the ferris wheel at the fair and I had to walk home with one shoe                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you lost your sandal!\par
I found my cat that had been hiding under the bed                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found your cat!\par
There is no way i am getting back together with her                                                                                   I am sad that I won't be getting back together with her!\par
I can't wait to go to the beach this summer                                                                                                 I am glad you cant wait!\par
I owe more on my phone bill than I thought                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your phone bill!\par
I trained and trained and trained\'01 My hard work paid off and I won the marathon                                                                                   I am glad you won the marathon!\par
The garage door is broken right now                                                                                                      I am sorry for your garage door!\par
I hear back from my employer\'01 they are going to offer me a year end bonus                                                                                   I am glad about your bonus!\par
My Grandmother passed last week and I'm having to take care of the funeral arrangements                                                                                   I am sorry my Grandmother passed!\par
The pizza at that new store is just not good                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about the pizza!\par
I won $ 100 in a raffle                                                                                                                              I am glad to hear about the raffle!\par
The bird's wing was healed enough for it to fly out of the cage                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the bird!\par
I just got five new offers for projects this week                                                                                   I am happy you just got five offers!\par
Ruby's car was broke into last night                                                                                                      I am sorry about Ruby's car!\par
I beat a video game that has been on my backlog for a long time                                                                                   I am happy you beat a video game!\par
I got an A on my geometry test                                                                                                               I am glad you got an A!\par
Life is beating me down                                                                                                                               I am sad so i can beating me!\par
I was cleared of all charges                                                                                                                     I am glad your name was cleared!\par
My heart sank when the last number was drawn and I realized I wasn't going to win the jackpot                                                                                                                                                             I am sorry the last number was drawn and you didn't win the jackpot!\par
I got a bigger paycheck than I was expecting                                                                                              I am happy you got a big paycheck!\par
I stained my new blouse with salad dressing at lunch                                                                                   I am sad you stained your blouse!\par
Everyone at my new job is very friendly to me                                                                                   I am glad to hear people at your new job are friendly!\par
The rain totally ruined my shoes                                                                                                           I am sorry the rain ruined the shoes!\par
I saw a child that seemed like he was lost wandering around                                                                                   I am sad you saw a child that seemed like he was lost!\par
The kids learned to snowboard quickly                                                                                                    I am happy for the kids!\par
I came home last night and notice my house was burglarized                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were burglarized!\par
We finished the competition in first place                                                                                              I am glad to hear that you finished the competition first!\par
The foreign country I visited couldn't understand my language                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that the foreign country couldn't understand you!\par
My carpal tunnel is making it so bad I can't even work today                                                                                   I am sorry your carpal tunnel is bad!\par
I got anxious easily today                                                                                                                        I am sad that you got anxious!\par
A twenty dollar bill fell out of my pocket while I was running errands\'01 and it didn't notice until I got home                                                                                                                                                I am sorry that you lost money!\par
The neighbor's sign blew into your yard and knocked over the birdfeeder                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your birdfeeder was knocked over!\par
I had my teeth whitened and it looks great                                                                                                       I am happy you got your teeth whitened right!\par
I can't lose this last stubborn 20 pounds\'01 no matter what I do                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your weight!\par
Gaming with friends is something I'm looking forward to                                                                                   I am glad you looking forward to gaming with friends!\par
I accidentally shot myself in the foot                                                                                                             I am sorry you shot your foot by mistake!\par
After some writers block I was able to pull through and write my story                                                                                   I am glad you were able to write the story!\par
My uncle fixed my broken stairs for free                                                                                                    I am happy the stairs are fixed!\par
I got knocked out in the boxing match I was participating in                                                                                   I am sorry you got knocked out!\par
My headache just won't go away                                                                                                          I am sorry about your headache!\par
The mirror in my bathroom fell on the floor and shattered                                                                                   I am sorry about your shattered mirror!\par
I won the bingo                                                                                                                                           I am happy to hear you won!\par
My son just gave me the biggest hug                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about your hug!\par
My friend gave me all his retro video games that he didn't want anymore because he knew I 'd like them                                                                                                                                                   I am happy your friend gave you his old video games!\par
My neighbor's pregnant rabbit had her baby rabbits today                                                                                   I am glad your neighbor's rabbit had her rabbits today!\par
Last night I went to sleep early as I was planning to\'01 and I feel great today                                                                                   I am happy you feel good!\par
I got paid a bonus at work                                                                                                                             I am happy for the bonus!\par
The news says the hurricane is going to be a lot worse than expected                                                                                   I am sorry about the hurricane!\par
I went to the doctor and got a perfect bill of health                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the doctor visit!\par
I got an A + on my math test today                                                                                                        I am glad that you got that A + on today's test!\par
I lost my favorite earrings                                                                                                                       I am sorry you lost them!\par
My video game disc has too many scratches and won't load                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that it won't load!\par
I've never been to a concert as awesome as that one                                                                                   I am glad about the concert!\par
The bank put a lien on wages                                                                                                                           I am sad the bank put on a lien!\par
Her violin became warped form the humidity                                                                                           I am sad about your violin!\par
I just found out my roommate moved out in the middle of the night to avoid paying this month's rent                                                                                                                                                    I am sorry you had such a terrible roommate!\par
I fell out of my chair and hurt myself                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear you hurt yourself!\par
I hope they can catch whoever did this                                                                                                     I am sorry they haven't caught them!\par
When I got home from the store all of my eggs were broken                                                                                   I am sorry you broke your eggs!\par
I managed to pass the most difficult class this semester                                                                                   I am happy to hear you passed!\par
I got 75 dollars on a scratch ticket                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you won on a scratch ticket!\par
My friend\'01 Cynthia got me a vacuum for Christmas                                                                                   I am happy your friend got you a vacuum!\par
I love the smell of his cologne                                                                                                                      I am happy you love his cologne!\par
I dropped my leather gloves in a puddle                                                                                                I am sorry you dropped your leather gloves!\par
I found a great deal on soda this week                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the deal you found!\par
My GPS isn't working and I'm not sure I will be able to find it                                                                                   I am sorry your GPS isn't working!\par
I can't believe I won the lottery                                                                                                                                    I am glad you won!\par
My insurance is going to cover all of the damage                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the insurance coverage!\par
The chicken's laid a dozen eggs today                                                                                                    I am happy about the eggs!\par
After trying to help him\'01 he still dies                                                                                                       I am sorry for the death!\par
My son just called and told me he was finally paroled                                                                                   I am happy your son was paroled!\par
The grandkids love my chocolate chip cookies                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the chocolate chip cookies!\par
I just got a birthday card from my sister in the mail and it had twenty dollars inside                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got twenty dollars in the mail!\par
The most exciting time of year is spring                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about spring!\par
The snow storm was so bad I can't get into town                                                                                   I am sorry you can't get to town!\par
I blacked out and lost my wallet                                                                                                              I am sorry you lost your wallet!\par
Someone stole my sandwich                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about your sandwich!\par
My identity was stolen online                                                                                                                    I am sorry your identity was stolen!\par
Some annoying birds keep chirping outside my window every morning\'01 waking me up                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the birds!\par
My husband passed away unexpectedly                                                                                                       I am sad that your husband passed!\par
My umbrella broke in the rain storm so I was drenched                                                                                   I am sorry you were drenched!\par
I came home to a clean house                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your house!\par
My favorite white shirt now has a coffee stain on it                                                                                   I am sorry for your shirt!\par
The garage roof is still leaking                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your garage roof!\par
I don't get along with everyone                                                                                                                 I am sad you are having trouble getting along!\par
My taxes are finished and I am getting a huge refund\'01                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your refund!\par
We got a new puppy                                                                                                                               I am happy you got a puppy!\par
My score was the highest                                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about you score!\par
The cat killed a rabbit and left the innards in living room rug                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your living room rug!\par
I bought the perfect dress for the event                                                                                                  I am happy to hear about the dress!\par
This morning I got to work early and my boss thanked me for it                                                                                   I am sorry about your situation!\par
My car repairs cost double what the mechanic estimated                                                                                   I am sorry your car repairs cost more than the estimate!\par
My presentation at school went really well and everyone applauded me                                                                                   I am happy your presentation went well!\par
My PC stopped working suddenly                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear it stopped working!\par
I woke up this morning and found that my house has been broken into                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you home being robbed!\par
I meet the new neighbors today and they're really nice                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your neighbors!\par
I ruined my favorite blouse by putting too much bleach into the wash                                                                                   I am sorry you ruined your blouse!\par
I broke a nail last night and now I can't seem to file it down smoothly                                                                                   I am sorry you broke a nail!\par
I found stains I can't explain                                                                                                                   I am sorry about the stains!\par
Someone bumped into me in the hall and I dropped all my documents                                                                                   I am sorry you dropped all your documents!\par
I was dropped from the honors program because of low grades                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you being dropped from the honors programs!\par
We're having our first baby                                                                                                                    I am happy you're having a baby!\par
Recently I found out I was in more credit card debt than I thought                                                                                   I am sorry about your credit card debt!\par
I couldn't afford to pay for the meal I just ate                                                                                    I am sorry you were unable to pay for the meal!\par
I dropped my food yesterday after I just got it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you dropped your food!\par
This morning I checked my email and didn't get a reply from the company I want to work for                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get an email from the company!\par
I got food poisoning for the pot luck last week                                                                                   I am sad you got food poisoning from the post luck!\par
The little girl was standing alone\'01 crying                                                                                                        I am sad about the lonely crying girl!\par
My teacher thinks I'm the smartest person in the class this year                                                                                   I am happy about your teacher!\par
I stubbed my toe on the bed post                                                                                                              I am sorry about your toe!\par
Today was a bright and sunny day                                                                                                          I am glad to hear your day was good!\par
I was thrilled to be offered a job at the local university                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the new university job!\par
My wallet is missing                                                                                                                                    I am sorry your wallet is missing!\par
I can't afford to buy food to eat                                                                                                                           I am sorry about your situation!\par
I was granted a free month from my wireless service company for being a loyal customer                                                                                   I am glad you were granted a free month from your wireless service company!\par
I got so drunk in public that I passed out on the street and was taken to jail                                                                                   I am sad so i got a drunk!\par
I really don't get along well with my cousin                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about you and your cousin!\par
We figured out how to fix the engine ourselves\'01 and it cost us nothing                                                                                   I am happy you figured out how to fix the engine yourselves!\par
I've been going to therapy and it's really been helping me a lot                                                                                   i am happy therapy helps!\par
The dog ran away and we put up posters looking for it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your dog ran away!\par
I stubbed my toe really badly yesterday                                                                                                          I am sorry you stubbed your toe!\par
I was hiking last week and saw the most beautiful red bird\'01 have you seen these                                                                                   I am glad you were hiking last week!\par
The resort closed during our stay due to avalanche                                                                                   I am sorry the resort closed!\par
My puppy graduated from training class this week                                                                                   I am glad your puppy did well at training!\par
My husband cheated on me                                                                                                                       I am sorry you got cheated on!\par
My girlfriend did the dishes for me                                                                                                        I am glad to hear your girlfriend did dishes!\par
I got a bonus today at work as a compensation for good work                                                                                   I am happy got a bonus!\par
I just weighed myself and I've gained 20 pounds since Christmas                                                                                   I am sad you gained 20 pounds!\par
This is the last day of school                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you're done!\par
My tution is more than I can afford I'm not going to be able to attend college this year                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the cost of tuition!\par
The chain on my bike broke off as I was riding it                                                                                   I am sorry about your bike!\par
I lost my case today                                                                                                                                    I am sorry you lost you case!\par
My file system is finally finished and I feel so much more organized now                                                                                   I am glad to hear you feel more organized!\par
I just found out that I failed the test                                                                                                        I am sad you failed!\par
I found this really beautiful purple flower growing next to my window today                                                                                   I am glad you found this really beautiful purple flower!\par
My electricity went out and most of my food ended up spoiling in the refrigerator                                                                                   I am sorry your food spoiled!\par
My favorite band is releasing a new album today                                                                                   I am glad the band is releasing a new album!\par
Did I tell you that I won $ 500 at bingo                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your bingo game!\par
I just found $ 20 on the ground at the bus stop                                                                                   I am glad to here you found $ 20!\par
They had to put my dog down yesterday                                                                                               I am sorry they had to put your dog down!\par
I finally got a new home security system                                                                                               I am glad you got a new security system!\par
I made a new friend today                                                                                                                      I am happy you made a new friend\'01!\par
My neighbor's dog never stops barking                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear your neighbor's dog is a barker!\par
I found the best restaurant                                                                                                                       I am happy you found a restaurant!\par
It's finally beach weather and we're going tomorrow                                                                                   I am happy about the beach!\par
I spilled soup all over my pants                                                                                                                    I am sorry you spilled soup on your pants!\par
My mom's cake fell in the oven because I slammed the front door                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the cake!\par
This music makes me feel like I'm a kid again                                                                                                 I am glad you enjoy the music!\par
My car got a flat tire today                                                                                                                       I am sorry am so sorry to hear about the flat tire!\par
I can't believe I got a ticket\'01 I wasn't even speeding                                                                                   I am sorry about your ticket!\par
I'm so excited to go and see the movie Mary Poppins tonight                                                                                   i am glad you are excited!\par
Since tomorrow is a holiday\'01 I get to sleep in late                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you got holiday!\par
My friend gave me a coupon for a free hamburger                                                                                   I am happy you got free food!\par
My neighbor's dog died last week                                                                                                           I am sorry about your neighbor's dog!\par
I forgot to clock in this morning and my boss is really mad at me                                                                                   I am sorry your boss being upset over clocking in at work!\par
I completed the remodeling of my house\'01 it looks amazing                                                                                   I am glad to hear your house looks amazing!\par
My sister got pregnant                                                                                                                             I am happy about your sister!\par
I don't like my wife's new hairstyle                                                                                                          I am sorry about your wife's hairstyle!\par
I got a nice letter from a friend                                                                                                                I am glad about the letter!\par
I found a twenty dollar bill on the ground                                                                                                     I am glad you found money!\par
I lost my wallet at the restaraunt                                                                                                              I am sorry you lost you wallet!\par
My brownies were all broken in the bag when I opened them                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your brownies!\par
My pipes froze due to the cold weather                                                                                                  I am sorry your pipes froze!\par
I couldn't believe how wonderful the waiter was                                                                                   I am happy you enjoyed your waiter!\par
My cellphone contacts have all disappeared from my phone and I have no clue why                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your contacts!\par
I went and drank a mouthful of expired milk before spitting it out                                                                                   I am sorry about the milk!\par
I got some free swag at work                                                                                                                  I am glad you got free stuff!\par
My aunt's cancer has gone into remission                                                                                             I am glad your aunt's cancer is remissing!\par
The car wreck left my in traction                                                                                                                I am sad you were in a car wreck!\par
Susan just told me that I lost the part in the play due to being sick                                                                                   I am sorry Susan lost the part in the play!\par
My dog is okay after the accident                                                                                                              I am glad your dog is okay!\par
I broke my arm                                                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear your arm broke!\par
My best friend hates me now                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your best friend!\par
The restuarant I went to for lunch had delicious food                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the food!\par
I accidentally dropped my keys somewhere in the mall                                                                                   I am sorry about your key loss!\par
Her father has been in the hospital since last weekend                                                                                   I am sad about your father!\par
I'm 10 pounds closer to reaching my goal this morning                                                                                   I am happy your 10 pounds closer to reaching your goal!\par
I never want to go back there again                                                                                                           I am sorry you never want to go back!\par
I went to get my car fixed today but they found more problems with it                                                                                   I am sorry for the many car problems!\par
I found out that my company is in the top three finalists for this contest                                                                                   I am happy your company is a finalist!\par
I'm not sure why my car won't start on this frosty morning                                                                                   I am sorry your car won't start!\par
My best friend is coming to visit                                                                                                                I am happy your best friend is coming!\par
It was close\'01 but we won                                                                                                                                I am glad to hear that we won!\par
I accidentally sliced my finger while cutting an onion and now it really hurts                                                                                   I am sad your finger got hurt with that onion!\par
My new vacuum does such a good job                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your new vacuum!\par
My son got a scholarship for college                                                                                                     I am glad about your son scolarship!\par
I just fell on ice in my driveway and hurt my elbow                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you fell!\par
I completely missed the mark on my final shot                                                                                   I am sorry about the final shot!\par
I won the marathon and broke my own record                                                                                   I am glad you did well in the marathon!\par
The fire damage to the house is extensive and our insurance won't cover it                                                                                   I am sorry the fire damage isn't covered by the insurance!\par
I will enter the baking contest                                                                                                                I am happy you will enter the contest!\par
I have to be watchful with what I say                                                                                                      I am sorry you have to be careful with your words!\par
The waiter brought me the wrong beer and it was disgusting                                                                                   I am sorry about the waiter!\par
I can't believe how much money I wasted on that crane game                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about that crane game!\par
The pain in my leg is back and the doctors don't know what is causing it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your leg pain returning!\par
My dog peed on the carpet right before the landlord was coming over                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your dog peeing on the carpet!\par
My health insurance does not cover my pre existing condition                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your health insurance isn't covering preexisting conditions!\par
I got a new toy for my puppy                                                                                                                      I am glad you got a toy!\par
I can't wait to watch the stars tonight                                                                                                    I am happy you get to see them!\par
My dryer broke and I can't afford to repair or replace it                                                                                   I am sorry your dryer broke!\par
I got food poisoning                                                                                                                                         I am sorry you got poisoned!\par
They are building a nice new stadium in my town that I can't wait to go see                                                                                   I am happy they are building a new stadium!\par
I went to buy new jeans today and ended up in a pair three sizes smaller due to my weight loss                                                                                                                                                                          I am happy you lost weight!\par
I saw a creative film                                                                                                                                  I am glad you saw a film!\par
I don't have enough money for Christmas this year                                                                                   I am sorry you don't have enough money!\par
My team exceeded goals and we're getting a bonus                                                                                   I am happy your team exceeded their goals!\par
It feels like my students are just going through the motions and don't care about learning                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your students don't care about learning!\par
I was looking for an apartment and get offered a great deal on my favorite choice                                                                                   I am happy to hear about the apartment!\par
The ceilig sprinklers malfunctioned flooding our home                                                                                   I am sorry about your home!\par
The ladder I was climbing broke and I fell off of it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you fell off the ladder! \par
The new humus flavors are really delicious                                                                                             I am glad to hear the new hummus flavors are delicious!\par
JT just got an annual bonus of $ 1,000                                                                                                    I am glad to hear that JT got the bonus!\par
I got a ticket for parking too close to the meter                                                                                   I am sorry you got a ticket!\par
The drunk driver hit our mailbox destroying it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that the drunk driver destroyed your mailbox!\par
I can't find any jeans that fit me right                                                                                                    I am sorry you can't find any jeans!\par
I caught a flu over the weekend and I am still feeling miserable                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the flu has you feeling miserable still!\par
A girl I just met asked me for my number                                                                                                     I am glad you met a girl!\par
My boyfriend broke my heart when he lied to me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your boyfriend broke your heart!\par
i didn't get the job                                                                                                                                      I am sad you didn't get it!\par
My homemade honey garlic sauce came out great                                                                                   I am glad your homemade sauce came out great!\par
My uncle has left me his beach house                                                                                                      I am glad about the beach house! \par
I can't seem to get rid of this head cold                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear you still have the cold!\par
When people die\'01 it's hard accept their loss                                                                                               I am sorry to hear it is hard for you to accept loss!\par
My computer got infected using the public wifi                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your computer got infected!\par
I got a speeding ticket today and the fine was 300 dollars                                                                                   I am sorry you got a ticket!\par
My sculpture won the art contest today                                                                                                  I am happy that your sculpture won!\par
She caught me red - handed                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear you got caught!\par
I can't really afford my rent this month                                                                                                      I am sorry about your rent!\par
I know I look good in the new shoes I bought last weekend                                                                                   I am happy you look good!\par
Roy proposed to me                                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear you are engaged!\par
I just bought a new car                                                                                                                            I am glad you got a new car!\par
My dad would hopefully be proud of me                                                                                                I am sorry about you and your dad!\par
I just got letter from my husband saying he's coming home from the war                                                                                   I am happy for you and your husband!\par
the investment was not profitable                                                                                                            I am sad about your lack of investment profit!\par
I got last place in the spelling bee and everyone laughed at me                                                                                   I am sorry you lost the spelling bee and people laughed!\par
My refrigerator quit                                                                                                                                    I am sorry about your fridge!\par
my creative work was finally patented                                                                                                         I am glad your work was finally patented!\par
The parents were very angry about the missing money                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the missing money!\par
My crush followed me back                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your crush!\par
The bus was late making me late for work                                                                                             I am sorry to hear you were late!\par
My car is washed and looking so good                                                                                                        I am happy your car is looking good!\par
My state ranks high in accidents                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about the accidents!\par
Leona is looking forward to planting more daffodils this spring                                                                                   I am glad to hear that Leona is looking forward to planting more!\par
my daughter won an Oscar                                                                                                                        I am glad am so glad!\par
We got so many free drinks last night                                                                                                       I am glad you got so many free drinks!\par
I just got my boxes of Girl Scout cookies yesterday in the mail                                                                                   I am happy about your Girl Scout cookies!\par
I have a nice time building a snowman with my nephew                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the time with your nephew!\par
Someone robbed me today                                                                                                                          I am sorry you were robbed!\par
I can't figure out where the short is on the board\'01 so I need to order a new one                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you have to order for a new board!\par
I got upgraded to first class on my upcoming flight                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your flight!\par
My preferred political candidate won the election                                                                                   I am glad to hear your candidate won!\par
I wish I had never met you                                                                                                                             I am sorry that you wish that!\par
My professor told me I have real potential as an artist                                                                                   I am glad your professor thinks you have potential as an artist!\par
My embroidery exhibit won first place at the craft show                                                                                   I am glad that your embroidery exhibit won first place!\par
My lawyer called and said that the outlook doesn't look very good for this one                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the outlook!\par
Today the weather was perfect and spent a great day outside                                                                                   I am glad you had such a good day outside!\par
My favorite show is on television tonight                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your show!\par
We were told today that our company may be badly affected by the shutdown and furloughs may be imminent                                                                                                                    I am sorry your company is affected!\par
I'm out of food so I have to go grocery shopping                                                                                   I am sorry you ran out of food!\par
I have never had pancakes so fluffy and delicious                                                                                   I am happy about the pancakes!\par
it was good at looking                                                                                                                                        I am happy it was good!\par
Only two more days until summer starts and the party begins                                                                                   I am happy that your summer and party are about to begin!\par
My brother broke his leg yesterday playing football                                                                                   I am sorry your brother broke his leg!\par
My horse threw me this morning and I broke my leg                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the leg!\par
My grandmother went outside for a walk and is missing                                                                                   I am sorry your grandmother is missing!\par
I got selected to be in the choir                                                                                                               I am happy you were selected for the choir!\par
I forgot about the presentation at work and overslept                                                                                   I am sorry you missed work!\par
The snow is so bad I don't think we are going to make it to the wedding                                                                                   I am sorry about the snow!\par
My mom lost her wallet in the store                                                                                                        I am sorry your mom lost her wallet!\par
I received a raise at my work which I have been waiting for                                                                                   I am happy you got a raise!\par
The sunset was so beautiful                                                                                                                    I am happy about the sunset!\par
We finally got the tree up and it looks beautiful                                                                                   I am happy you got the tree up!\par
My grandfather wrote me a letter for my birthday and I just got it in the mail                                                                                   I am glad to hear your grandfather wrote a letter for your birthday!\par
My girlfriend asked me to marry her                                                                                                             I am glad you are both getting married\'01!\par
During my review today\'01 my boss gave me a raise                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your boss!\par
my sister won a green card                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about your sister! \par
I can't find my glasses                                                                                                                               I am sad about your lost glasses!\par
I can't go outside till it warms up and it's not going to for more than a week                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about it not being warm outside!\par
My husband and I are going to have a baby after so many years of trying                                                                                   I am happy that you are both going to have a baby!\par
My candidate lost the election                                                                                                                   I am sorry your candidate lost!\par
I am close to giving up on writing                                                                                                             I am sorry you want to give up!\par
I love to chase the ice cream truck down the street                                                                                   I am happy you love to chase the ice cream truck!\par
I got so sunburned after falling asleep on the beach in Florida that I had to go to the hospital                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your bad sunburn!\par
The dry cleaners got the stain out and saved my expensive cashmere sweater                                                                                   I am glad the dry cleaners got the stain out!\par
I'm so proud of my daughter for her performance in the play                                                                                   I am glad to hear you're proud!\par
My mom told me she is sending me to France in a month                                                                                   I am glad to hear about you being sent to France!\par
I'm really looking forward to running the race tomorrow                                                                                   I am glad your looking forward to the race tomorrow!\par
I can't stop stabbing myself                                                                                                                                I am sorry you can't stop stabbing yourself!\par
Today at work I felt very energetic and got through my workload faster than usual                                                                                   I am sorry about your situation!\par
I found out my son made the soccer team                                                                                            I am glad to hear about your son!\par
Our brand new pool seems to have a leak                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear your pool has a leak!\par
I bought the last pair of boots on sale                                                                                                   I am glad you got your boots on sale!\par
My pitcher cracked inside of the fridge and I had to throw it out                                                                                   I am sad about your pitcher!\par
One of the legs on my TV stand fell off                                                                                                    I am sorry your TV stand is falling apart!\par
I have to get to the hospital my brother has had a heart attack                                                                                   I am sorry about your brother!\par
We are overwhelmed by medical debt                                                                                                    I am sad about your medical debt!\par
Once again I'm dealing with a flat tire in the middle of nowhere                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the flat tire!\par
I got a good night's rest                                                                                                                              I am glad you got some rest!\par
I got just what I wanted for Christmas\'01 a sleigh ride with Santa                                                                                   I am glad you got what you wanted!\par
I went to the comedy club and was booed off the stage                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you got booed off stage!\par
Someone broke into my house                                                                                                                 I am sorry someone broke in!\par
They finally fixed the pothole near our house                                                                                      I am happy they fixed the pothole!\par
Last night i tried to go swimming but i was so out of shape and i couldn't do it                                                                                   I am sorry you could not swim!\par
It is finally raining here after many years of drought                                                                                   I am happy about the rain!\par
I forgot I entered the contest until the prize arrived                                                                                   I am glad the prize arrived!\par
The best gifts are the ones that show people care                                                                                   I am glad people care!\par
I'm trying to help my family member beat his addiction                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your family member's addiction!\par
Our home loan was approved                                                                                                                      I am happy your loan was approved!\par
I'm so proud of my valedictorian daughter                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about your daughter!\par
My blog is a popular success                                                                                                                          I am glad to hear of your successful blog!\par
My leg is going numb quite often                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear your leg is going numb!\par
My cat died last night                                                                                                                                 I am sorry your cat died!\par
I bonded with my girlfriend over some talk of literature                                                                                   I am happy to hear you and your girlfriend bond over literature!\par
I dropped a $ 20 bill and can't find it                                                                                                        I am sad you dropped the $ 20 bill!\par
I am looking forward to my birthday party this weekend                                                                                   I am glad you are looking forward to your birthday party!\par
I was so frustrated today since my flight was delayed for 5 hours                                                                                   I am sorry there was a delay that long today!\par
My piano is missing a hammer so my music doesn't sound right anymore                                                                                   I am sorry your music doesn't sound right!\par
I lost my dog                                                                                                                                                     I am sorry you lost your dog!\par
I am getting ten grand back in taxes this year                                                                                                  I am glad it's ten grand this year!\par
I'm getting an award for scholastic achievement                                                                                   I am happy you are getting an award!\par
I'm really looking forward to my birthday tomorrow                                                                                   I am glad to hear your birthday is tomorrow!\par
I can't focus on anything tonight                                                                                                                 I am sorry about the focus issues!\par
I was texting while driving and hit a car injurying the driver                                                                                   I am sorry about your car accident!\par
His brother was killed in a car accident around this time last year                                                                                   I am sad about his brother!\par
I took a nice nap this afternoon                                                                                                              I am happy you took the nap!\par
My family picture this year turned out great                                                                                             I am happy to hear your family picture turned out great!\par
I am going to party hard tonight                                                                                                                 I am happy that you will party!\par
I'm going to make a large contribution to our local charity to help hungry children                                                                                   I am glad that you're going to make a large contribution to your local charity!\par
my son fell down and fractured his leg                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about your son's accident!\par
I will finally be retired from my job after next week                                                                                   I am glad you will finally be retired!\par
She always talks about me behind my back\'01 but this time she's gone way too far                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that she is disloyal!\par
There's a measles outbreak                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear that!\par
I was able to sleep in the car during a long trip                                                                                   I am happy that you could sleep in the car for the trip!\par
Oh no\'01 I left my medicine back at the house                                                                                           I am sorry you left your medicine!\par
Tonight I was able to leave early from work because I got so much done                                                                                   I am sorry about your situation!\par
If Maryann just found the lost radio\'01 they might get rescued                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the rescue!\par
I had an accident and totaled my car                                                                                                       I am sorry you totaled your car!\par
I got a free lesson yesterday                                                                                                                         I am happy that you got a free lesson!\par
My sister surprised my for my birthday today                                                                                           i am glad your sister surprised you!\par
My wife gave birth to a healthy baby boy                                                                                                I am glad for the new born boy!\par
My electrical bill was double what it was last month                                                                                   I am sorry for your electrical bill!\par
The food made me violently ill                                                                                                                I am sorry you were ill from the food!\par
Today I bought a new laptop but the performance is below my expectations                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your new laptop!\par
I really messed up that report\'01 I might lose my job over this                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you may lose your job because of the report!\par
My friend came up behind me and scared me                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about you and your friend!\par
My wife and I are having a baby                                                                                                                 I am glad you guys are having a baby!\par
My brother and his girlfriend got engaged                                                                                             I am glad to hear about the engagement!\par
My kite flew into a pole and shredded to pieces                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your kite!\par
Wow\'01 that is the most beautiful birthday cake I've ever seen                                                                                   I am glad about the cake!\par
I left my brand new iPhone at the bar last night                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you left your iPhone!\par
I slept terribly last night                                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your sleep!\par
I just got home and there was a window broken                                                                                   I am sorry your window was broken!\par
We have been best friends for as long as I can remember                                                                                   I am happy for your friendship!\par
I got my teaching certificate last week                                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got your teaching certificate!\par
I got bored with the game                                                                                                                              I am sorry about the boring game!\par
I just found out my husband got a $ 2 raise                                                                                              I am glad to hear about the raise!\par
I had to take time off work for jury duty even though I need the money right now                                                                                   I am sad you had to miss work!\par
I am so tired of waiting for the healing to happen                                                                                   I am sorry you had to wait!\par
I had a wonderful time at the charity auction last night                                                                                   I am happy you had fun at the auction!\par
I'm late on this month's rent and I just don't have it                                                                                   I am sorry you're having trouble with rent!\par
I passed the seargeants exam and got a raise                                                                                         I am glad to hear that you passed the exam!\par
My daughter just informed me she won the spelling bee for her grade level                                                                                   I am happy your daughter won the spelling bee!\par
Paying bills is a good feeling                                                                                                                     I am happy its a good feeling!\par
I was ecstatic to show off my ball room dancing skills                                                                                   i am happy about dancing skills!\par
My mail carrier always delivers things too late in the day                                                                                   I am sad your mail carrier always delivers things too late!\par
I won the four million dollar state lottery last week                                                                                   I am happy to hear you won four million dollars!\par
I couldn't rescue her in time                                                                                                                      I am sorry about the rescue!\par
My husband is going to leave me\'01 I know it                                                                                           I am sad that your husband's running away!\par
My uncle sent me a picture that he drew for me                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the picture from your uncle!\par
I watched the youtube video and learned to braid hair quickly                                                                                   I am glad you learned quickly!\par
Christmas is still a special time for me                                                                                                   I am glad Christmas is special for you still!\par
He twisted his ankle at the park                                                                                                             I am sorry about the ankle being twisted!\par
My dog ended up falling into a hole and got very dirty                                                                                   I am sorry to hear of your dog getting dirty!\par
I attended a potluck last week and there was so much great food                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the potlock! \par
My friend did not show up for our lunch date                                                                                        I am sorry your friend didn't show up!\par
The kids were placed in different home                                                                                                     I am sorry that they were placed there!\par
I was told I was ugly                                                                                                                                   I am sorry you were called ugly!\par
I can't find my car keys anywhere                                                                                                               I am sorry you can't find your keys!\par
When I was walking home today\'01 someone told me they loved my sweater                                                                                   I am happy someone loved your sweater!\par
The electricity was off for days                                                                                                               i am sorry your electricity will be out!\par
Lou texted me saying\'01 `` we're over\'01 ''                                                                                                       I am sorry about the text from Lou!\par
The kids loved visiting the museum                                                                                                        I am glad to hear the kids loved the museum!\par
Mice destroyed all of my mother's old letters                                                                                                I am sad because mice destroyed the letters!\par
I went on vacation                                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your vacation!\par
I weighed myself this morning and I've gained instead of lost 5 pounds this month                                                                                   I am sorry you gained 5 pounds this month!\par
My car repair was under warranty and I didn't even know it                                                                                   I am happy your car was repaired under warranty!\par
The graphics card that I ordered was defective on arrival                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that the graphics card didn't work!\par
I got a nice loan from the bank                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about the loan!\par
I found out that my long term girlfriend has been cheating on me                                                                                   I am sorry you found out about your girlfriend!\par
My flight was cancelled last minute                                                                                                                    I am sorry am so sorry about your flight!\par
I got a headache                                                                                                                                       I am sorry your head hurts!\par
We decided to split up for good                                                                                                                   I am Sorry about the split up!\par
I liked taking a bath                                                                                                                                       I am glad you enjoy baths!\par
There is a blue morpho butterfly outside on the patio\'01 those are my favorite                                                                                   I am glad that you got to see a butterfly!\par
I can't find my real father                                                                                                                         I am sorry you can't find your father!\par
I was seasick the entire cruise                                                                                                                     I am sorry you were seasick!\par
My teeth are rotting out                                                                                                                              I am sorry your teeth are rotting out!\par
The 4 star hotel turned out to be a dumpy 2 star one                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the 2 star hotel!\par
It's freezing outside and I forgot my coat at work                                                                                   I am sorry\'01 really freezing!\par
I am going out to dinner tonight                                                                                                                    I am glad about dinner!\par
They finally delivered my sculpture today and it looks beautiful in the living room                                                                                   i am glad you got your sculpture!\par
I am excited to be chosen to speak at the meeting                                                                                   I am happy that you get to speak!\par
My baby took his first steps today                                                                                                            I am glad your baby took his first steps!\par
Can you believe that after waiting three hours in line I still didn't get the concert tickets                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't get the concert tickets after waiting for three hours!\par
I moved into my new house                                                                                                                   i am glad you moved!\par
I found a good deal on ebay                                                                                                                     I am glad that you found a good deal!\par
I got a perfect score on my final exam                                                                                                                 I am glad you got a perfect score! \par
My son hasn't been speaking to me for the last few days since we had a fight                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the fight!\par
I lost the key to my house                                                                                                                               I am sorry you lost it!\par
We got tickets to Hamilton                                                                                                                           I am glad to hear you got Hamilton tickets!\par
I accidentally broke the expensive crystal\'01 and now I have to pay for it                                                                                   I am sorry about the crystal!\par
I just bought a new phone but it's defective and now I need to return it                                                                                   I am sorry your new phone is defective and you need to return it!\par
I had an upset stomach at the party                                                                                                            I am sorry about your stomach upset!\par
I won 50 dollars on a scratch off                                                                                                                     I am glad you won!\par
I saw a beautiful girl on the sidewalk today and I was too afraid to say hi                                                                                   I am sorry am so sorry you were afraid to say hi!\par
My brother made it home in time for Christmas                                                                                   I am glad that your brother got home in time!\par
The UPS driver hit the neighbors dog in my driveway this morning                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the neighbor's dog was hit!\par
We are having fun planning our vacation                                                                                                I am glad the planning is going smoothly!\par
I got a high five from my favorite baseball player                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the high five!\par
I lost my car keys                                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear you lost your keys!\par
I recently got a promotion after two interviews                                                                                   I am glad you got the promotion!\par
Getting a girl to like me is just so hard                                                                                                     I am sorry you getting a girl to like you is hard!\par
I need to get glasses\'01 my vision has been getting worse and worse this last year                                                                                   I am sorry that you'll need to get glasses!\par
We are out of cat food and have to go to the store                                                                                   I am sad we are out of cat food!\par
Me and my fiancee is set to get marry next month                                                                                   I am glad to hear about you getting married next month!\par
Unfortunately\'01 the reconstructive surgery left her lopsided                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the surgery!\par
Our grandson was awarded a full academic scholarship to Yale                                                                                   I am glad for the scholarship!\par
My shoes got messy and muddy                                                                                                             I am sorry your shoes got dirty!\par
It's hard telling someone the problems have gotten worse                                                                                   I am sorry problems have gotten worse!\par
I'm in remission                                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about your remission!\par
We came in way over budget                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear that the budget was too big!\par
A bird hit my side mirror and spattered all over me                                                                                   I am sorry a bird spattered all over you!\par
My headache could not possibly be worse                                                                                           I am sorry you have a headache!\par
I got a nice raise at work                                                                                                                           I am happy you got a raise!\par
It was the best potluck ever                                                                                                                    I am happy it was a good potluck!\par
The company's new drug was just approved by the FDA                                                                                   I am glad that the company's new drug was just approved!\par
They won't honor our back stage passes                                                                                                  I am sad about the passes!\par
I accidentally slipped on the ice walking down the stairs today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you slipped!\par
I am adopting a new puppy today                                                                                                             I am glad that you are adopting a puppy!\par
I was fired from my job because a woman filed a false accusation against me                                                                                   I am sorry you were fired!\par
She went to be early and woke up feeling exuberant                                                                                   I am glad she went to bed and woke feeling exuberant!\par
My car broke down coming out of my driveway this morning                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your car broke down!\par
It was the best family vacation we ever took                                                                                            I am glad to hear about your vacation!\par
I need help paying rent                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear you need help!\par
My daughter was heartbroken that she didn't get to go play                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your daughter!\par
My favorite actress won a emmy                                                                                                          I am glad she won an emmy!\par
I got drunk and drove into a ditch this week                                                                                               I am sorry to hear you ditched the car!\par
I won the garden club award this month                                                                                                    I am happy you won!\par
My teeth were whitened                                                                                                                         I am happy for your whitened teeth!\par
She was upset at the waiter's rude demeanor and snappy answers                                                                                   I am sorry she was upset at the waiter's rude demeanor!\par
The cashier gave me free food at a convenience store                                                                                   I am glad the convenience store clerk gave you food!\par
My sister was diagnosed with breast cancer                                                                                          I am sorry your sister was diagnosed with cancer!\par
I lost my wallet at the store                                                                                                                     I am sorry you lost your wallet!\par
My neighbors kept me up all night with their loud music\'01                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't sleep!\par
I got to take a nice long week vacation to Cuba this year                                                                                   I am glad you took a vacation to Cuba!\par
My aunt failed her driving test for the seventh time                                                                                   I am sorry your aunt failed her driving test again!\par
We are going to see the new movie tonight                                                                                              I am glad you're going!\par
I snapped the neck and it's going to take three weeks for a new one to arrive                                                                                   I am sorry you snapped the neck!\par
My dog graduated from obedience school this week                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your dog!\par
I got to slack off at my job all summer because it was not busy at all                                                                                   I am happy that you were not busy!\par
She couldn't seem to cheer up yesterday                                                                                                   I am sorry about her!\par
I got a bonus at work                                                                                                                                  I am happy for you!\par
I am having bad chest pains                                                                                                                         I am sorry you are having pains!\par
I ripped my pants getting off the bus today                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about your pants being ripped!\par
I no longer have to take any medication and feel great                                                                                   I am happy to hear you don't have to take medication!\par
Today\'01 I went to the mall and I bought a pair of shoes I've always wanted for 75 % off                                                                                   I am happy you bought a pair of shoes you've always wanted!\par
My gym teacher said my mile was a whole minute shorter today                                                                                   I am happy that your mile was a minute shorter!\par
Today i chose to eat a salad instead of a burger and now i feel great                                                                                   I am glad about your meal today!\par
My cats have somehow stopped fighting and are getting along                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your cats have stopped fighting!\par
I got selected as employee of the month                                                                                                                            I am glad your employee of the month!\par
He kissed me and said\'01 `` I love you and I want you to be my girl\'01 ''                                                                                   I am happy he kissed you and said he loves you!\par
I lost my keys in the cab                                                                                                                           I am sorry you lost your keys!\par
My keyboard stopped working right in the middle of the set                                                                                   I am sorry your keyboard stopped!\par
My dad had a stroke and died                                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear that your dad died!\par
I just ran a red light and am about to get pulled over                                                                                   I am sorry you got pulled over today!\par
The insurance people called this morning and said that the car is totalled                                                                                   I am sorry about the insurance!\par
I got swindled at the local fair                                                                                                                 I am sorry you were swindled!\par
I can't believe how bad traffic is around here                                                                                           I am sorry about the traffic!\par
I was demoted at work                                                                                                                            I am sorry you were demoted!\par
My sister didn't like the gift I gave her for her birthday                                                                                   I am sorry your sister didn't like the gift!\par
Someone dented my car door and I don't know who                                                                                   I am sorry someone dented your door!\par
I got married today                                                                                                                                    I am glad am so happy for you!\par
I tried to put the fire out with a bucket of water\'01 but the bucket had a hole in it                                                                                   I am sorry about the bucket!\par
Our gas bill was 20 % lower this year than it was last thanks to those new windows we had installed                                                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear your gas bill dropped 20 percent since installing new windows!\par
I might get fired next week                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear you might get fired!\par
I can not get out of jury duty next week                                                                                                I am sorry to hear you have jury duty!\par
I was named employee of the year                                                                                                        I am happy you were named!\par
My mother let me borrow the car so I could go to the movies                                                                                   I am glad your mother let you borrow the car!\par
I accepted Jesus                                                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about you and Jesus!\par
my work team has led in performance this quarter                                                                                   I am glad you work team did well!\par
Tim finally got a new mattress for his bed                                                                                              I am happy about Tim's mattress!\par
My son received a blue ribbon in track                                                                                                         I am happy your son won a blue ribbon!\par
I won 100 dollars on a lottery ticket                                                                                                             I am happy you won!\par
today we are celebrating ten years anniversary for the company                                                                                   I am glad for you and your company!\par
I made 300 in tips last night                                                                                                                         I am glad to hear you made 300 tips!\par
I got a new job                                                                                                                                           I am happy you got a job!\par
My pillow exploded in the washing machine                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about your pillow!\par
My girlfriend and I had a fight                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your fight!\par
Can you believe she had the nerve to call me fat                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that she called you fat!\par
The plumbing repairs were not as expensive as the estimate stated                                                                                   I am glad that the repairs were not expensive!\par
I lost my keys in the snow                                                                                                                         I am sorry that you lost your keys!\par
My Christmas tree looks so beautiful in the living room now that it's decorated                                                                                   I am glad you Christmas tree looks beautiful!\par
I find it hard to hear from my left ear now                                                                                          I am sorry about your left ear!\par
I made this blanket for my cousin's baby and she said she loved it                                                                                   I am glad to hear she loved the blanket!\par
My favourite sweater came back from the dry cleaner and they got the stain out                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your sweater!\par
I received and invitation to the big sales event                                                                                   i am happy big sales event!\par
I lost 5 pounds last month                                                                                                                             I am happy you lost weight!\par
I won fifty bucks with a scratch - off ticket today                                                                                   I am happy that you won fifty bucks!\par
I found these vanilla wafer cookies I have been searching for for ages at the store                                                                                   I am glad you found vanilla wafer cookies!\par
I caught a homerun ball at a baseball game                                                                                          I am happy you caught a homerun ball!\par
I can't pay my bills                                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear you can't pay bills!\par
My fridge stopped working and all my food became spoiled                                                                                   I am sorry your fridge stopped working!\par
I was cast as lead in the musical                                                                                                              I am glad you were cast!\par
I suffered food poisoning after eating their food                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you food poisoning!\par
I fell down on the treadmill in front of everyone                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you fell down!\par
I work hard to have the nice things I enjoy                                                                                             I am glad you work hard!\par
I went to the movies with my friends last night and we had a great time                                                                                   I am glad you had a good time!\par
The camera on my new phone is really awesome                                                                                   I am glad to hear your pleased with the new camera!\par
Kim doesn't feel the same way about me as I do about her                                                                                   I am sad Kim doesn't feel the same way!\par
I for one want the snow to accumulate                                                                                                   I am glad that you want accumulating snow!\par
I just found a copy of my all - time favorite book that was signed by the author                                                                                   I am glad to hear found the signed book today!\par
My blind date went really well                                                                                                               I am happy your date went well!\par
I went to the dentist and the doctor said I had 4 cavities                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the dentist was not good!\par
I got accepted to Harvard University                                                                                                     I am glad you were accepted!\par
She refuses to look for bargains at any cost                                                                                                I am sad she refuses to look for bargains!\par
My new computer arrives today                                                                                                                       I am glad about your computer!\par
Sometimes I just have to sit back and smile                                                                                                 I am glad that sometimes you sit back and smile!\par
I studied really hard for a test and received the highest grade in my class                                                                                   I am glad you received the highest grade!\par
The game was rained out\'01                                                                                                                     I am sorry about the game!\par
I love to bake for my grandkids                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your baking!\par
A stranger paid for my coffee                                                                                                                       I am glad your coffee was paid for!\par
I scored at the thrift store today                                                                                                               I am glad you scored at the thrift shop!\par
Sadly\'01 my brother passed away in November                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about your brother's death!\par
My favorite stock nearly doubled in price                                                                                                    I am happy your stock doubled in price!\par
I hit a car while I was backing out of the parking lot                                                                                   I am sorry that you hit a car!\par
The landscapers drove through my rose garden damaging my plants                                                                                   I am sorry the landscaper damaged your plants!\par
It's hard to imagine being totally safe                                                                                                      I am sad that it's hard to imagine that!\par
I watched as all of my hard work was destroyed by the tropical storm                                                                                   I am sorry all of your hard work was destroyed!\par
I rearranged my room and everything feels so much better now                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your room feels better!\par
The doughnuts were sold out by the time I got there                                                                                   I am sad the doughnuts were sold out!\par
I was afraid and couldn't catch my breath                                                                                            I am sorry your afraid!\par
My pants ripped while I was jumping over a fence                                                                                   I am sad your pants ripped!\par
My family visited the zoo and I got to see some of my favorite animals                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you got to see some of your favorite animals!\par
My daughter just won a nobel peace prize for her paper on climate change                                                                                   I am happy about your daughters Nobel Prize!\par
I just miscalculated a payment date and got three overdraft fees on the same day                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you miscalculated your payment date!\par
I passed my driving test                                                                                                                              I am glad you passed the test!\par
I had the best date last night                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your date!\par
I am about to become a grandmother                                                                                                         I am glad will be a grandmother!\par
Someone egged my car                                                                                                                             I am sorry about your car!\par
My mother found her silver dollar                                                                                                             I am happy for your mother!\par
It rained so hard that it flooded our basement                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your basement was flooded! \par
I found a well paying side job to help pay bills                                                                                        I am glad you found a job!\par
Today I bought some new coffee at the grocery store and it tastes great                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the new coffee!\par
I just found out that my girlfriend cheated on me with my best friend                                                                                   I am sorry that your girlfriend cheated on you!\par
I lost my favorite purple yoyo today                                                                                                       I am sorry you lost your favorite purple yoyo!\par
I finally have enough money to travel to Europe this summer                                                                                   I am glad to hear you are going to Europe!\par
Sadly the medication for my condition costs too much                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the medication!\par
I passed my finals\'01 all As                                                                                                                           I am glad to hear you passed your finals!\par
My daughter was suspended from school for fighting                                                                                   I am sorry about your daughter!\par
The popcorn had burned and stunk up the theater                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your popcorn stunk up the theater!\par
My boyfriend gave me a beautiful ring and proposed last night                                                                                   I am happy that your boyfriend proposed!\par
He asked me if I was interested in a promotion                                                                                   I am glad to hear he asked!\par
I learned how to knit today\'01 do you want to see my sweater                                                                                   I am happy about the sweater!\par
I saw my favorite singer live                                                                                                                     I am happy you saw your favorite singer!\par
I failed the attention check on the survey                                                                                                          I am sorry you failed!\par
It would have been nice to know that you forgot to get more toilet paper before I used the bathroom                                                                                                                                                       I am sorry I forgot to get more toilet paper!\par
My hometown burned in a recent wildfire                                                                                                  I am sorry your hometown burned!\par
All the work I did yesterday got rejected on mturk                                                                                   I am sorry you got rejected!\par
I just got the email that I qualify for a scholarship                                                                                   I am happy you got that email!\par
I got a promotion                                                                                                                                      I am glad about your promotion!\par
My dog from the pound came and snuggled with me this morning                                                                                   I am glad your dog from the pound came and snuggled with you!\par
I feel so much love right now                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear you feel loved!\par
We are planning for our vacation to the beach already                                                                                   I am happy that you're planning for your vacation!\par
My new in - laws hate me                                                                                                                         I am sorry about the in - laws hate!\par
A film I am really looking forward to is releasing soon                                                                                   I am glad the film is releasing soon!\par
I just bought a new kitten                                                                                                                           I am glad you got a new kitten!\par
The Mariachi band sang happy birthday to me at lunch                                                                                   i am glad the mariachi band sang happy birthday to you!\par
For the second time this year I have strep throat                                                                                   I am sorry you got strep twice!\par
I ripped a hole in my jeans while out in public                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about your jeans ripping in public!\par
The new oven I bought works much better than my old one                                                                                   I am glad to hear that the new oven works better!\par
I don't like it when he claws my knee when he sits on me though                                                                                   i am sorry you don't like him clawing your knee when he sits on you!\par
I made a delicious stew for dinner                                                                                                            I am happy you had good dinner!\par
I just found the coolest green yarn at the store today for my scarf                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found the green yarn!\par
I just found out my baby is deaf                                                                                                               I am sorry about your baby!\par
I struck out at bat and my team lost the game                                                                                   I am sorry you lost the game!\par
The TV broke now I can't watch my favorite show                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you can't watch your show!\par
I am looking forward to meeting up at the family reunion this summer                                                                                   i am glad you have a family reunion!\par
My back hurts                                                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your back!\par
I met my savings goal                                                                                                                              I am happy you met it!\par
Today was a really good day at work\'01 I got a raise                                                                                   I am happy that you got a raise!\par
My mom brought me lunch                                                                                                                       I am glad about your lunch!\par
My car has broken down again                                                                                                               I am sorry your car has broken down!\par
I lost all my money in a bad investment                                                                                                  I am sorry you lost your money!\par
My best friend won't talk to me becuase i told her about her husband hitting on me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your best friend won't talk to you!\par
Today is my last day of work before I go to Hawaii                                                                                   I am happy today is your last day of work!\par
I just heard back from my boss and I am getting that awesome raise                                                                                   I am happy for the raise!\par
The surprise birthday party for my husband was great                                                                                   I am glad to hear the surprise birthday party was great!\par
I saw him walking straight towards me with flowers in his hand                                                                                   I am happy you got flowers!\par
The muffler fell off my car as I was driving it                                                                                          I am sorry about the muffler!\par
I lost the chess game to my opponent                                                                                                     I am sorry about your loss!\par
The children loved the ice cream cake for the party                                                                                   I am glad the children loved the ice cream cake!\par
Today there was a great sale on cereal at the store                                                                                   I am happy about the sale!\par
I tried to save a turtle from the middle of the road today and didn't make it in time                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you didn't make it in time!\par
I love it when the neighbors stop for a chat while I'm in the front garden                                                                                   I am glad to hear you love it when the neighbors stop for a chat!\par
A bird pooped in my hair during my run and I have to take another shower                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that a bird pooped in your hair!\par
Professor Reinhardt is my favorite                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you like Professor Reinhardt!\par
School was canceled so I got to sleep in today                                                                                   I am glad you got to sleep in!\par
This morning I got to work and my boss yelled at me for being late                                                                                   I am happy that you got to work!\par
Today I bought a new laptop and it runs my favorite game very smoothly                                                                                   I am glad that your new laptop is running you video game smoothly!\par
I fell in love on vacation                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear that you fell in love!\par
I can't find my TV remote anywhere                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear you can't find your remote!\par
Grandma's developed a palsy and can't write well anymore                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your grandma can't write well!\par
I can not believe this is the third dinner I've burned this week                                                                                   i am sorry about your burnt dinner!\par
My electric bill is over three times what I expected for this month                                                                                   I am sorry about your electric bill!\par
My friend surprised me with a home cooked meal                                                                                   I am happy your friend surprised you!\par
Someone stole all four of my tires                                                                                                              I am sad someone tole your tires!\par
The weather was perfect for the beach today                                                                                             I am glad to hear it was perfect beach weather!\par
I received recognition as the best employee of the year                                                                                   I am glad you received recognition as the best employee!\par
I feel so isolated                                                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about isolated feelings!\par
Red is my favorite color                                                                                                                                       I am happy red is your favorite color!\par
I got called horrible names by street people                                                                                                 I am sorry you got called horrible names!\par
I passed my driving test and received my driver license today at DMV                                                                                   I am happy you passed the test and now have your license!\par
I won the sales contest at work and a vacation prize                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your sales contest!\par
I slept really good last night for the first time in a long time                                                                                   I am glad that you slept really well!\par
I ran into an old friend at the coffee shop and we had a good time catching up                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your old friend!\par
I was able to spend time with friends today                                                                                                  I am happy you spent time with friends!\par
I just successfully made my first souffle                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you made a souffle!\par
My boyfriend surprised me with tickets to see the Stones                                                                                   I am happy to hear you're going to see the Stones!\par
He's never going to walk again                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that!\par
My girlfriend told me that I smelled nice                                                                                                     I am happy to hear about your pleasant smell!\par
I found out my passport is still good for another year                                                                                   I am happy your passport is good!\par
My son's application to the university has been declined                                                                                   I am sorry your son's application was denied!\par
My package never arrived and it says it was delivered                                                                                   I am sorry about your package!\par
I was able to get upgraded to first class                                                                                                      I am happy you got the upgrade!\par
I can't go to the concert tonight because I have a headache                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you can't go to the concert!\par
The children lost both parents and now are orphans                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the children's loss!\par
The girl I was interested in decided to date someone else                                                                                   I am sorry the girl is interested in someone else!\par
My grandmother passed away last night                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about your grandmother!\par
I donated blood today                                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your donation!\par
Our anniversary dinner was memorable and special                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your anniversary dinner!\par
One of my favorite Netflix shows got cancelled\'01 and I am sad about it                                                                                   I am sorry your show was canceled!\par
My boss doubled my pay today                                                                                                                I am glad to hear about your pay!\par
The food that I ordered came much quicker than anticipated                                                                                   I am happy your food came so quickly!\par
I don't want to be your friend anymore                                                                                                       I am sad you don't want to be my friend!\par
Somebody stole our mailbox this morning                                                                                            I am sorry someone stole your mailbox!\par
It took time\'01 but our debt is officially paid off                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your debt!\par
I had a piece of toilet paper trailing from my waist and didn't notice it until I got home                                                                                   i am sad about you!\par
My Christmas stocking finally arrived today from Sweden                                                                                   I am happy about your Christmas stocking!\par
The bake sale at the school was a success and the children enjoyed it                                                                                   I am glad the bake sale at the school was a success!\par
I was excited to discover my mom had written down her old recipes                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your mom writing down her recipes!\par
I took a nice relaxing bath                                                                                                                         I am happy the bath was relaxing!\par
I was disappointed to realize my brother lied to me                                                                                   I am sorry your brother lied!\par
I got to try out an amazing new restaurant                                                                                          I am glad you got to go to new restaraunt!\par
Jessica agreed to go on a date                                                                                                                 I am happy about the date!\par
My tomato plant didn't make it in this harsh weather                                                                                   i am sorry your plant died!\par
My feet hurt so bad I can barely walk                                                                                                     I am sorry about your feet!\par
Did you see that my mom bought me some great new shoes                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your new shoes!\par
i was able to get along well with my mother - inlaw                                                                                   I am glad you were able to get along well!\par
The local nuclear power plant had a meltdown and everyone nearby had to evacuate                                                                                   I am sorry everyone had to evacuate!\par
I finally got to see my favorite band in concert                                                                                   I am glad you got to see your favorite band\'01!\par
My horse came in first in the races\'01 netting me some nice cash                                                                                   I am glad to hear your horse came in first in the races!\par
I left my coat at the diner and someone took it                                                                                   I am sorry about your coat!\par
Oh my God I found my favorite new show on Netflix                                                                                   I am happy you found a new favorite show!\par
we were VIP tickets for the party because the guest of hour was a friend                                                                                   I am glad about your VIP tickets!\par
My best friend brought me some coffee at work to cheer me up                                                                                   I am glad your friend did that!\par
My children got in a fight and one ended up with a fat lip                                                                                   I am sorry about your children!\par
I found $ 20 in an old pair of jeans                                                                                                          I am glad to hear about the $ 20!\par
My umbrella has a hole in it\'01 somehow                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about your umbrella!\par
The jeweler said my diamond was a fake one                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about the fake diamond!\par
My friends said I am a great singer                                                                                                           I am happy they said you were great!\par
I don't have a date for the wedding                                                                                                            I am sorry you don't have a date!\par
The judge did not understand my reasons for spending and I had to pay a fine                                                                                   I am sorry that the judge made you pay a fine!\par
I finally got my braces off                                                                                                                            I am happy about your braces!\par
I wasn't late to work today despite sleeping through my alarm clock                                                                                   I am glad you got to work on time today!\par
I won a free trip to Disneyland by calling in on a radio show                                                                                   I am glad you won a free trip to Disneyland!\par
I'm afraid that our car needs a lot of work to run again                                                                                   I am sorry that you're afraid!\par
I received a promotion at work                                                                                                                 I am happy you got a promotion!\par
I ran out of gas on my way to work                                                                                                         I am sorry you ran out of gas!\par
My strawberry plant is finally starting to make strawberries                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your strawberry plant!\par
My family threw me a huge surprise birthday party                                                                                   I am glad for the party!\par
My mom is mad at me because I didn't like the Christmas gift she gave me                                                                                   I am sorry about how your mom feels!\par
Sometimes when my friends are busy I feel blue                                                                                   I am sorry you feel blue when your friends are busy!\par
I finished my work early and had extra time to relax                                                                                   I am glad that you had time to relax!\par
The present I bought my daughter was something she hated                                                                                   I am sad to hear your daughter hated the gift you gave!\par
Yesterday I was nominated for teacher of the year                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you were nominated!\par
It happened because I forgot to turn off the stove                                                                                   I am sorry about the stove!\par
I dropped the vase of flowers and broke it                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your broke the vase!\par
I found a perfume I really like                                                                                                                I am happy about your perfume!\par
The trail was closed due to flooding so we havd to take a longer route                                                                                   I am sorry the trail was closed and was flooded!\par
The wasps are making it hard to be outside                                                                                                I am sorry about the wasps!\par
I like enjoying my own company                                                                                                             I am glad you like your own company!\par
I went to the pound and brought home the sweetest dog\'01 he is eating finally                                                                                   I am glad you went to the pound!\par
They've been trying for a year and finally were successful                                                                                   I am happy they were successful!\par
She gave me the warmest hug                                                                                                                 I am glad to hear you got a hug!\par
When I went to my car\'01 I found the window broken and my stuff was stolen                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your car was broken into and stolen from!\par
My roller coaster car stopped at the very top and we were stuck for an hour                                                                                   I am sorry you were stuck!\par
My cat finally likes the new litter I'm using                                                                                           I am glad your cat enjoys their litter!\par
After a day of pigging out on junk food I had terrible heartburn                                                                                   I am sad that you get heartburn after eating too much!\par
The cheese shop doesn't carry my favorite blue cheese\'01 St.Agur                                                                                   I am sorry about the blue cheese!\par
My foot is 100 % healed                                                                                                                                 I am happy your foot is healed!\par
My quilting is getting better                                                                                                                   I am happy about your quilting!\par
I bled a lot from the stab wound                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about the wound!\par
My power just went out                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about the power being out!\par
I got my test results in and it looks like the cancer may have spread                                                                                   I am sad the cancer may have spread!\par
I can't wait to start packing for it                                                                                                             I am happy you can't wait!\par
Her four year - old grandson has become disturbingly defiant\'01 and talks back to both his parents                                                                                                                                                       I am sad her grandson has become defiant and talks back to the parents!\par
I learned how to juggle                                                                                                                             I am glad you juggle!\par
I accidentally bought a bunch of lemons\'01 so I made lemonade                                                                                   I am happy about your lemonade!\par
My attention span has been drastically reduced                                                                                   I am sad your attention span is reduced!\par
The vet said we just put our dog to sleep since there is nothing that can be done for him                                                                                   I am sad about your dog!\par
We just paid off our last loan                                                                                                                 I am happy you paid off your loan!\par
I was left alone to figure things out                                                                                                          I am sorry you were left alone!\par
My Dr said I was healthy as a horse                                                                                                            I am glad the Dr said you are healthy!\par
My supervisor had give me a warning                                                                                                  I am sorry about your supervisors warning!\par
I spilled coffee on my new white shirt                                                                                                   I am sorry coffee got on your shirt!\par
Sue broke her arm hanging from the tree last week                                                                                   I am sad about Sue's arm!\par
A cute girl asked me out to lunch                                                                                                           I am glad a cute girl asked you out!\par
My husband filed for divorce today                                                                                                      I am sorry about your husband!\par
I discovered the roof has a major hole and let the rain in                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that the roof has a major hole!\par
Our new choir is really sounding great                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about the choir!\par
The weather is going to be wonderful for today's picnic                                                                                   I am happy the weather is nice!\par
I just opened the new bag of bread I bought and it has mold in it                                                                                   I am sorry about the moldy bread you bought!\par
The night scares me                                                                                                                                 I am sad because the night scares me!\par
I tried to sleep on the plane but was constantly awoken by a crying baby                                                                                   I am sorry you were constantly awoken by a crying baby on the plane!\par
I received a promotion from my job                                                                                                         I am glad you got a promotion!\par
I finally quit smoking                                                                                                                                  I am happy you quit!\par
My son broke his arm falling out of our tree                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your son!\par
I had a great night's sleep last night                                                                                                       I am glad you had a great sleep!\par
I finally finished my painting and someone wants to buy it                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your painting!\par
The band at the concert played their greatest hits to the fans' enjoyment                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the concert!\par
I had an awesome day at work                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear you liked it at work!\par
It turns out I am not allergic to shell fish after all                                                                                   I am glad to hear you are not allergic!\par
The adoption agency approved our application                                                                                   I am happy you were approved!\par
I wasn't able to pay my electric bill so they gave me a cutoff deadline today                                                                                   I am sorry that you want be able to pat you electric bill on time!\par
I was at the corner store and found exactly the chocolate bar I wanted                                                                                   I am glad you found the chocolate bar you wanted!\par
My computer just shut down out of nowhere and I lost all of my unsaved files                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your computer lost your unsaved files!\par
They needed new shoes\'01 but I couldn't afford to buy them right now                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't buy new shoes for them!\par
I crashed my car into a mailbox                                                                                                               I am sorry you crashed your car!\par
I've lost my driver's license                                                                                                                        I am sad to hear you lost your license!\par
This is the absolute worst time of year for my mood                                                                                   I am sorry this weather puts you in a bed mood!\par
She never got over giving her child up for adoption                                                                                   I am sorry you gave your child up for adoption\'01!\par
The taxi driver didn't know where he was going and got us lost                                                                                   I am sorry the taxi driver got you lost!\par
I had a great time shopping with my sister yesterday                                                                                   I am glad you had a great time!\par
The doctor said my cast can come off                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the cast!\par
I saw the most amazing stars last night                                                                                                      I am glad to hear you seen the stars!\par
She broke my best mug and didn't even say sorry                                                                                   I am sad about your mug!\par
A nice woman complemented my shirt at the store yesterday                                                                                   I am glad to hear that a nice woman complemented your shirt!\par
Thankfully they saved me a ticket and I was able to go and enjoy the show                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you went to the show!\par
Tonight my best friends were supposed to come over but they canceled at the last minute                                                                                   I am sad to hear that your best friend canceled last minute!\par
George and I.\'01\'01 we're having a baby                                                                                                       i am happy for you!\par
I just got an offer on the house and it was more than I was hoping for                                                                                   I am happy you got an offer on the house!\par
It is going to be difficult going without my regular pay                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your pay difficulties!\par
I was easily the happiest moment of my life                                                                                             I am glad about your moment!\par
I've run out of food and the grocery store is closed                                                                                   I am sorry your food ran out and the store closed!\par
Just found out I have to work all weekend                                                                                                 I am sorry about having to work!\par
The new glasses I bought work much better than my old ones                                                                                   I am glad your new glasses work better!\par
Although I wasn't sure it would ever happen\'01 I won the lottery this week                                                                                   I am happy you won the lottery!\par
A parent scalded me for making fun of their son                                                                                   I am sad you were scolded!\par
The chocolate bar I was eating had peanuts in it\'01 and I'm allergic                                                                                   I am sad for your ellergies!\par
I just got a ticket for speeding                                                                                                                  I am sorry I just got a ticket!\par
I got ripped off                                                                                                                                            I am sorry you got ripped off!\par
I did not expect my daughter's grades to drop so much                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your daughter's grades!\par
I lost my keys                                                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your keys!\par
I passed my employment test                                                                                                                                        I am happy you passed!\par
I kissed a girl and I liked it                                                                                                                            I am happy you kissed a girl!\par
My new dress just came in the mail                                                                                                        I am happy about your new dress!\par
I left my purse at a restaurant                                                                                                                       I am sad you lost the purse!\par
I didn't get the job                                                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear you didn't get it!\par
My sister was borrowing my car and apparently got in a wreck                                                                                   I am sorry your sister was borrowing your car!\par
It hurt to see her sitting there\'01 not saying anything about what was really going on                                                                                   I am sorry that hurt you!\par
The house is getting foreclosed on next month                                                                                   I am sorry about your house!\par
I went to my appointment on the wrong day so now I have to go back tomorrow                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you went to the appointment on the wrong day!\par
My best friend just told me she got a promotion                                                                                   I am happy your friend got promoted!\par
I bought my first brand new car today                                                                                                        I am glad you bought a car!\par
I was nominated the employee of the year                                                                                           I am happy that you were nominated!\par
The dog ran into the Christmas tree and it fell over                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the Christmas tree!\par
It didn't seem that bad last night but the doctor say's that it's broken                                                                                   I am sorry it is broken!\par
My sister got stung by a jellyfish this morning                                                                                             I am sorry to hear your sister got stung!\par
I can't wait to go caroling this year                                                                                                           I am happy you want to go caroling!\par
We saw the new movie and it was amazing                                                                                              I am glad to hear about the new movie!\par
I'm so happy that your letter came in today's mail                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your sentiment!\par
In the mail I received an upgraded part for my PC                                                                                   I am happy you received the part for your PC!\par
It's going to rain for days                                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about the rain!\par
I bought my nephew a lava lamp and he loves it so much                                                                                   I am glad to hear your nephew loves the lava lamp!\par
I can't get this stain out of my white carpet                                                                                                   I am sad your carpet's ruined!\par
I shut my hand in the car door and it really hurts                                                                                   I am sorry you were hurt!\par
My favorite local movie rental store closed down                                                                                   I am sorry your favorite store closed down!\par
I failed the entrance exam for the r.eal estate course                                                                                   I am sorry you failed the entrance exam!\par
I was forced to cancel my plans this morning\'01 because of the roads                                                                                   I am sorry you had to cancel your plans!\par
I got fired at work today                                                                                                                             I am sorry that you got fired!\par
My new skirt was ruined the first time I washed it                                                                                   I am sorry about your skirt!\par
I tried calling my friend\'01 but their line was busy                                                                                   I am sorry you couldnt reach your friend!\par
The roses i planted are grwoing beautifully                                                                                              I am happy your roses are beautiful!\par
I had never been late or missed a single day yet they fired me for leaving 5 minutes early                                                                                   I am sad that they fired you!\par
I just found out my daughter has been late for school every day this year                                                                                   I am sorry your daughter is late!\par
I lost three pounds more than I had thought                                                                                          I am happy to hear you lost weight!\par
I was diagnosed today for brain cancer                                                                                                     I am sorry you were diagnosed with cancer!\par
I won a radio contest                                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the contest!\par
I have been sick all week                                                                                                                                I am sorry you were sick!\par
I lost a limb in the crash                                                                                                                            I am sorry about your limb!\par
I got a full 8 hours of sleep last night                                                                                                               I am happy you got 8 hours of sleep!\par
I lost my car keys and will have to replace them                                                                                   I am sad you lost your car keys!\par
He was infested with lice                                                                                                                        I am sorry you have lice!\par
The barn I had built last year collapsed                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about your barn!\par
I got a raise at work                                                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about your raise!\par
I found a reliable nanny at a really affordable price                                                                                   I am glad that it was affordable!\par
My cat is purring on me                                                                                                                           I am glad to hear about your cat!\par
We were fortunate the insurance company paid for the tornado damage to our home                                                                                   I am glad tornado damage was covered by the insurance!\par
I got my pink slip\'01 making me officially canned                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were canned!\par
That's the third time I've had fajitas delivered from there and they forgot to send me tortillas                                                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear they messed up your order!\par
I broke my arm skiing                                                                                                                                          I am sorry about your arm!\par
My boss gave me a better parking spot at work                                                                                   I am happy about your new parking spot!\par
They called an offered me the position                                                                                                      I am glad to hear it came!\par
Fourteen of my wedding guests just told me they can't come\'01                                                                                   I am sorry to hear 14 wedding guests arent coming!\par
On my way home\'01 my car got a flat tire                                                                                                 I am sorry for the flat tire!\par
I have to dig my car out before work                                                                                                      I am sorry you have to dig your car out!\par
So many bills this month and no money                                                                                                   I am sad that I have no money to pay the so many bills I have!\par
My medical license is going to be reinstated effective immediately                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your medical license!\par
I bought a present for my friend's birthday and she loved it                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the present!\par
Our business is really taking off                                                                                                               I am happy about your business!\par
I love my sewing lessons with my grandmother                                                                                   I am happy you love sewing lessons!\par
She is seriously the best friend in the world                                                                                              I am happy she is your best friend!\par
I was punched in the back of the head by a bully                                                                                   I am sad that you got punched in the head!\par
Hauling mulch is very good exercise                                                                                                          I am glad that it's good exercise!\par
I think I hurt my sister's feelings today                                                                                                   I am sad about your sister's hurt feelings!\par
I lost my purse somewhere                                                                                                                     I am sorry about your purse!\par
This morning I realized my child has no clothing in her size                                                                                   I am sorry your child has no clothing that fits!\par
It was so busy at work I forgot to brush my teeth                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were so busy with work!\par
It is hard to deal with a boss who is not fair or objective in reviewing my work                                                                                   I am sorry your boss is not fair or objective!\par
The policeman caught the robber that stole my belongings                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the robber!\par
My brother never wants to see me again                                                                                                    I am sorry your brother never wants to see you!\par
My car is missing                                                                                                                                            I am sorry it's missing!\par
I felt very sick after eating too much sugar                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear that you are sick!\par
I can't believe I flunked the exam                                                                                                            I am sorry you flunked your exam!\par
We are getting a new kitten                                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about the kitten!\par
I was chosen to deliver the bad news                                                                                                        I am sorry you had to deliver the bad news!\par
My new watch has a broken crystal                                                                                                       I am sorry your watch's crystal is broken!\par
My tire just went flat                                                                                                                                 I am sad my tire went flat!\par
The guy kept everyone laughing                                                                                                                i am happy about laughing!\par
I got a promotion at my job                                                                                                                              I am glad to hear you got a promotion!\par
My car repair was really unexpensive                                                                                                         I am happy you repaired you car!\par
My check bounced for some reason and I had to pay a fee                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your check bounced!\par
My preferred candidate won                                                                                                                   I am happy about your victory!\par
MeeMaw made her famous chocolate cake                                                                                            I am glad about the cake!\par
My computer died yesterday                                                                                                                     I am sorry your computer died!\par
I am excited to be promoted to a new position with a transfer to an exciting city                                                                                   I am happy to hear you got a new position!\par
I got the most amazing deal on these new pants                                                                                   I am glad you got a good deal!\par
I broke my leg                                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about your leg!\par
I got off work in time to get to Michael's Little League game and got to see him hit a home run                                                                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about Michael's home run!\par
I just got a brand new stereo system                                                                                                        I am happy you got a stereo! \par
My ove broke and the meal was ruined on Superbowl Sunday                                                                                   I am sorry your oven broke!\par
My first time baking cheesecake was a huge success                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you baked a successful cheesecake!\par
My favorite basketball team just won the championships                                                                                   I am glad to hear your favorite team are the champs!\par
They shut off my cable today since I couldn't pay the bill                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your cable!\par
I laid out in the sun for to long yesterday and got sunburns all over my body                                                                                   I am sorry you got sunburns all over your body!\par
I broke my glasses by accident from sitting on them                                                                                   I am sorry about your glasses!\par
I passed my entry level exams                                                                                                                             I am glad to hear about your exams!\par
My son got into Harvard                                                                                                                               I am happy for your son!\par
we were robed of all our valuables                                                                                                       I am sorry you were robbed!\par
We are getting a new car next week                                                                                                        I am glad your getting a new car!\par
My vacation was an absolute dream                                                                                                        I am happy you enjoyed your vacation!\par
I found $ 20 laying on the ground walking to the bus stop                                                                                   I am glad am so happy you found $ 20!\par
I have to pay $ 23 for the my lost library book                                                                                   I am sorry you have to pay for your lost library book!\par
The shirt I bought is too small and now it's too late to return it                                                                                   I am sorry about the shirt!\par
A ton of good things came out of that experience                                                                                   I am happy that good things came out of that experience!\par
My grades are exceptional this semester                                                                                                 I am happy you got good grades!\par
My application for the new loan was approved                                                                                   I am glad you got the loan!\par
Our favorite neighbors moved away last week                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your neighbor moved!\par
My friends are taking me out for a girls night                                                                                             I am glad your friends are taking you out!\par
My order of over a month finally arrived today                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your order!\par
I was stranded on the freeway today when my car went out of gas                                                                                   I am sorry your were stranded on the freeway today!\par
I'm really looking forward to my ski trip next month                                                                                   I am glad your looking forward to your trip!\par
I won a coffee maker in the raffle                                                                                                             I am glad you won!\par
I was washing dishes and ruined my new nail polish                                                                                   I am sorry about your nail polish being ruined!\par
The best way to spend Friday night is with friends                                                                                   I am glad to hear you like to spend Friday night with friends!\par
I had a really delicious meal last night                                                                                                      I am glad about your meal!\par
Working on the computer all the time is causing a lot of pain in my hands                                                                                   I am sorry your hands hurt from using the computer!\par
The couch was made poorly it has already broken                                                                                   I am sorry about the couch!\par
My poodle is doing a lot better around other dogs now                                                                                   I am happy about your poodle!\par
It's challenging\'01 but really rewarding when completing a long - term goal                                                                                   I am glad you've completed a long term goal!\par
Her report card was all A's this semester\'01 so proud of our daughter                                                                                   I am glad thear about your daughter's report card!\par
I'm heading out to go to the beach                                                                                                          I am happy to hear that you are heading out!\par
I just found out that I'm going to be laid off from work                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your lay off!\par
I didn't really enjoy the movie much\'01 I dozed off about halfway through                                                                                   I am sad that you didn't enjoy the movie and dozed!\par
My wife of twenty years just filed for divorce                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about the divorce!\par
I bought a lottery ticket and I won $ 1,000                                                                                            I am glad to hear you won $ 1,000!\par
I missed my meeting today because my car broke down this morning                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you missed your meeting!\par
I saved up enough points to get a free pizza                                                                                                 I am happy you saved up enough!\par
The handle on my door broke off as I was opening it                                                                                   I am sorry your handle broke!\par
I won a scratch ticket                                                                                                                                      I am glad it was a winner!\par
He's falling behind in his math class                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear that he's falling behind!\par
My donation helped the charity reach its goal                                                                                   I am glad to hear your donation helped!\par
My favorite show is coming on tonight                                                                                                           I am glad to hear about your favorite show!\par
Tomorrow is the big party and I can't wait                                                                                               I am glad to hear about the big party!\par
People in our neighborhood are really good about recycling                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the recycling!\par
My favorite basketball team won the tournament                                                                                   I am happy for your favorite basketball team!\par
I bought these curtains at 80 % off today                                                                                                      I am glad you saved 80 % on the curtains!\par
I just got a new bedroom set                                                                                                                       I am happy for the se!\par
After studying really hard for my exam\'01 I passed with flying colors                                                                                   I am glad you passed the exams!\par
I was walking home and found this cool necklace pendant in the grass                                                                                   I am happy to hear about the necklace!\par
We completed a forty mile hike                                                                                                                  i am happy about hike!\par
I am excitedly looking forward to my wedding                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your wedding!\par
I got gum stuck in my hair                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about your hair!\par
We lost the tournament badly                                                                                                               I am sorry about the tournament!\par
We found a great place to stay when we go to Atlanta                                                                                   I am glad you found a place to stay!\par
Gainesville\'01 FL\'01 is my home away from home                                                                                   I am glad Gainseville is your home!\par
I have to cancel my vacation because my workload is so heavy                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you had to cancel your vacation!\par
My dad yelled at me for overcooking the ham                                                                                   I am sorry your dad yelled at you!\par
I did well in the riding competition                                                                                                              I am glad to hear about the riding competition!\par
I was so glad mom kept all my old toys                                                                                                      I am happy she kept them!\par
I pigged out on some of my favorite foods today                                                                                   I am happy to hear you pigged out!\par
I lost all my passwords and have to make new ones now                                                                                   I am sorry lost all your passwords!\par
My shower head stopped working out of nowhere                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your shower head!\par
I just found the perfect new shoes                                                                                                         I am happy you found them!\par
The homeless shelter raised over 200,000.00                                                                                          I am happy that over 200,000.00 was raised by the shelter!\par
I'm going on vacation next month                                                                                                          I am happy you are going on vacation!\par
So many people gave me presents for my birthday                                                                                   I am glad so many people gave you presents!\par
They seem meant for each other                                                                                                            I am happy they were meant for each other!\par
The water bill came today and I think we might have a leak                                                                                   I am sorry that you might have a water leak!\par
I hate the way the dress fits now that I've bought it                                                                                   I am sorry about the poor fitting dress!\par
The car repairs were half as much as I was expecting                                                                                   I am glad the repairs were less than expected!\par
That restaurant was filthy\'01 I 'd never go back                                                                                              I am sorry about the restaurant!\par
My cat scratched my eye today                                                                                                               I am sorry your cat scratched you!\par
today is my 10th year marriage anniversary                                                                                                I am happy for your marriage!\par
My wife just gave birth to our awesome daughter                                                                                   I am glad about your new child! \par
My car broke down on the way home                                                                                                       I am sorry your car broke down!\par
I ate pizza straight from the oven and burned the roof of my mouth                                                                                   I am sorry for your mouth!\par
I failed my eye exam                                                                                                                                  I am sorry about the eye exam!\par
When he said that\'01 I realized he would never be able to stop lying to me                                                                                   I am sorry about his lying!\par
We felt so foolish for not realizing we were using old data                                                                                   I am sad you felt foolish for using old data!\par
I just got robbed of my sneakers                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear you were robbed!\par
I did not pay attention and missed my turn                                                                                              I am sorry you missed your turn!\par
The doctor said I can finally get off the crutches                                                                                   I am glad you are off them!\par
I need to go to court to pay a ticket                                                                                                         I am sorry that you need to pay a ticket at the court!\par
I won a new car in a contest at work                                                                                                       I am happy you won a new car!\par
I accomplished everything I set out to today                                                                                              I am happy that you accomplished everything!\par
We raised enough money to build a new gym                                                                                           I am happy you raised the money!\par
Someone hit me with a bat                                                                                                                            I am sorry someone hit you!\par
I got an unexpected refund on my taxes this year                                                                                   I am glad to hear your taxes gave you a nice surprise!\par
He's being so well - behaved today                                                                                                        I am happy that he's being so well - behaved!\par
The hurricane completely leveled our home                                                                                        I am sorry you lost your home!\par
My favorite band responded to my letter with some free merch                                                                                   I am glad to hear your band responded!\par
I don't know why he's making me sit on that committee\'01 it's not my area at all                                                                                   I am sorry to hear he's making you sit!\par
My parents won the sackrace at the picnic this year                                                                                   I am happy for your parents!\par
My vet told me my cat is cancer free for now                                                                                    I am happy your cat is well!\par
My car ran out of gas and it made me late for work                                                                                   I am sorry your were late for work!\par
Three people have told me they love me today                                                                                   I am glad people told you they love you!\par
Having a pet means I'm unconditionally loved                                                                                   I am glad about having a pet!\par
The cake I had for lunch tasted amazing                                                                                                  I am glad you had good cake for lunch\'01!\par
I can't believe that Roy was fired                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about Roy!\par
The humidity warped my guitar                                                                                                                   I am sorry your guitar got warped!\par
I couldn't find the ring that I misplaced even though I've been looking for it over the last several days                                                                                                                                                       I am sorry about your lost ring!\par
I got a raise at work                                                                                                                                     I am happy you got a raise at work!\par
I told her the wrong directions and she ended up getting lost                                                                                   I am sorry that she ended up lost!\par
My car insurance rate went down                                                                                                                I am glad your insurance went down!\par
My wife and I have been trying to have a baby\'01 finally expecting                                                                                   I am happy that your wife is expecting a baby!\par
I hear that the weather is going to beautiful today                                                                                   I am glad you heard the weather is going to beautiful!\par
I got a new shade of eye shadow and it's really pretty                                                                                   I am happy you got a new shade of eye shadow!\par
I stubbed my toe quite badly                                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear that!\par
I am being deported                                                                                                                                   I am sad about you being deported!\par
The team was so disappointed to lose the last game of the season                                                                                   I am sorry the team lost!\par
My boss called me into his office today and gave me two tickets and a day off work for Opening Day                                                                                                                                              I am glad your boss gave you two tickets to the opening!\par
My rent is twice as high at my new apartment                                                                                   I am sorry your rent is so high!   \par
I tried a new recipe and it was horrible                                                                                                     I am sad that it was horrible!\par
I scored a 98 on the test                                                                                                                                 I am happy to hear about the 98 on your test!\par
Our road is covered with tree branches from last nights storm so we can't make it to the party                                                                                                                                                                    I am sorry about your road!\par
I can barely believe it\'01 my raise was higher than I expected at my evaluation today                                                                                   I am happy to hear you got a raise!\par
I just found out I flunked the exam so now I can't graduate                                                                                   I am sorry you can't graduate!\par
My son just learned how to crawl                                                                                                                             I am happy your son is crawling!\par
I was supposed to clean the house today but I was lazy and didn't do it                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't clean the house today because you was lazy!\par
My boss called me and said she was really impressed with my presentation                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your boss was really impressed with your presentation!\par
An accident on my commute made me late                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about the accident on your commute!\par
People threw cocktails at me                                                                                                                      I am sorry they threw cocktails at you!\par
I'm sure that I failed that test                                                                                                                        I am sorry about the test!\par
My parents are upset because I dropped out of college                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your parents are upset!\par
I got some great presents for my birthday                                                                                                           I am glad to hear you got some great presents!\par
I went to beach                                                                                                                                               I am glad to hear you went to the beach!\par
She's starting to drink way too much                                                                                                           I am sorry she drinks too much!\par
I heard back from an internship and I'm hired\'01 I start next week                                                                                   I am glad you got hired!\par
My friend broke her arm playing with her son                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your friend broke her arm!\par
The whole town adores me                                                                                                                     I am glad am so glad you are adored!\par
I got some great food today                                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about the great food!\par
My desk broke and I have to buy a new on unexpectedly                                                                                   I am sorry that your desk broke!\par
I have to go to a funeral tomorrow                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about the funeral!\par
I get paid very well                                                                                                                                              I am glad to hear about your pay!\par
Learning to cook from my mom was the best gift she could have given me                                                                                   I am happy about learning to cook from your mom!\par
I finished learning Italian                                                                                                                           I am glad you are done!\par
I got accepted into a very nice school                                                                                                      i am glad you got accepted!\par
I was terminated from my job                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear you lost your job!\par
The party I was excited to go to got canceled                                                                                              I am sorry the party got canceled!\par
The best part about streaming videos online is no commercials                                                                                   I am glad there are no commercials!\par
I got the winning hit in the baseball tournament                                                                                   I am happy you got the winning hit!\par
The kid just does not appreciate anything that anyone does for him                                                                                   I am sorry he is not appreciative!\par
The family reunion at the park was so much fun                                                                                   I am glad the family reunion was fun!\par
I got all my work done in time                                                                                                                  I am glad you got all your work done!\par
My lawnmower broke down as I was almost done mowing the lawn                                                                                   I am sad your lawnmower broke!\par
My cat got ran over by a car                                                                                                                      I am sorry your cat was run over!\par
The doctor's office called and I don't have cancer                                                                                   I am happy you don't have cancer!\par
I got a new kitten from the shelter today                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about the kitten!\par
I just found a black widow's nest on my back porch                                                                                   I am sad you found a spiders nest!\par
The boat capsized and the everyone drowned                                                                                   I am sad because everyone drowned!\par
My sister cheated on me                                                                                                                         I am sorry your sister cheated!\par
the stocks at which I invested have doubled in value                                                                                   I am glad for your investment!\par
I am having a baby                                                                                                                                   I am happy about your baby!\par
My sister is paying for my trip out to Vegas for my birthday                                                                                   I am glad your sister is paying for your birthday trip to Vegas!\par
My friend lost her job                                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your friend!\par
A bomb went off near my office                                                                                                                 I am sorry a bomb went off!\par
I went on online and discovered I had a brother I never knew I had                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found a brother!\par
My friend bought an old TV off me that I was trying to get rid of                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the TV!\par
I won't be able to take that vacation I wanted                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you'll miss your vacation!\par
There's been an accident and I have to get to the hospital immediately                                                                                   I am sorry there was an accident!\par
My dentist check up went very well and I didn't have any cavities                                                                                   I am glad all went well at the dentist!\par
Somehow I did not get my discount on gas when I used my gas card                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get your discount!\par
My mouse stopped clicking properly                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about your mouse!\par
Bill just got a new boat and he said that we can come and take it out whenever we want as long as he's not using it                                                                                                                             I am glad to hear Bill said you can use his new boat when ever he isn't using it!\par
I had a really good day at work today                                                                                                       I am glad you had a good day at work!\par
Four different companies have offered my uncle a job interview                                                                                   I am glad your uncle got four interview offers!\par
I am tired of waiting on hold for 45 minutes every time I make this phone call just to get through to a real person                                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about waiting on hold for 45 minutes!\par
I got a great score on my driving test                                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your driving test!\par
I just heard that my aunt is in hospice                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear about your aunt!\par
There is no longer any running water                                                                                                      I am sorry for lack of water!\par
I just got the test results back and they are not very good                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the test results!\par
My friend is sad because he lost his dog                                                                                                    I am sorry your friend lost his dog!\par
My cat was pregnant and had kittens\'01 but two were stillborn                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the stillborn kittens!\par
The baby took his first steps today                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about the baby!\par
He lost his license to practice medicine                                                                                                  I am sad he lost his license!\par
I won free beer for a year in a contest                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your beer!\par
When I bought these bagels and brought them home\'01 they were already stale                                                                                   I am sad about your stale bagels!\par
I got 95 % on my history exam                                                                                                                   I am glad you did well on your history exam!\par
I stubbed my toe on the way out of the pool                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about the stubbed toe!\par
The lady at Walmart was so rude when I was returning that broken TV                                                                                   I am sad the lady at walmart was rude about the broken tv!\par
I got a huge discount on my oil change                                                                                                  I am glad you got a discount!\par
My new desk came in and it fits perfectly in the space I'm putting it in                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the new desk!\par
I aced my Biology exam\'01 I got a 98 %                                                                                                       I am happy you aced your biology exam!\par
The teacher said I'm not smart enough to take advanced math                                                                                   I am sorry the teacher said you're not smart enough!\par
I got a nice new haircut today                                                                                                                 I am glad about your haircut!\par
My ankle was fractured in two places                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear your ankle was fractured!\par
My hand still hurts from slamming it in the door                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your hand!\par
I lost my wallet in a park                                                                                                                         I am sad you lost your wallet!\par
My daughter just told me she flunked out of college                                                                                   I am sorry about your daughter!\par
I won a gift card at the grand opening                                                                                                  I am glad you won a gift card at the opening!\par
The doctor says I have high blood pressure                                                                                                       I am sorry you have high blood pressure!\par
I forgot my lunch at home so I had to pay for one                                                                                   I am sorry you forgot your lunch!\par
I like being in control of myself                                                                                                                 I am glad to hear that you're in control!\par
I was walking home from work and found twenty dollars on the ground                                                                                   I am glad you found twenty dollars!\par
My mother gave me money for my birthday so I can buy a car                                                                                   I am happy about your car!\par
The first place science trophy went to Jane Doe                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the trophy!\par
All of the tires on my car need replacing                                                                                                  I am sorry you need to replace all your car tires!\par
My brother was arrested\'01 and now I have to borrow money to bail him out                                                                                   I am sad to hear that your brother was arrested!\par
I found the most beautiful jacket on sale today                                                                                   I am happy to hear you found a sale!\par
Last night I went on a date and it went really well                                                                                   I am glad about your date!\par
We have time to take a boat ride before the sun goes down                                                                                   I am glad there's time for a boat ride!\par
This morning we met for coffee and renewed our friendship                                                                                   I am glad you renewed your friendship!\par
I'm going on vacation in a month                                                                                                            I am glad your going on vacation!\par
The vet told me that the cat's tumor is inoperable                                                                                   I am sad about the cat!\par
I got tickets to the baseball game tonight                                                                                                  I am happy you got baseball tickets!\par
I won a signed Bath Ruth baseball bat at an auction                                                                                   I am glad you won a signed Bath Ruth baseball bat!\par
My sister called me and said my ficus tree is dead                                                                                   I am sorry about your ficus tree!\par
We plan to babtize our child later this week to celebrate our catholic religion                                                                                   I am glad that you plan to baptize your child!\par
I went to the chiropractor and they fixed my back                                                                                   I am happy your back is better!\par
I was really proud of myself when I finally figured out how to fix my phone                                                                                   I am glad to hear you fixed it!\par
The children loved the clowns performance at the birthday party                                                                                   I am glad the children loved the performance!\par
My sister got engaged today                                                                                                                   I am glad your sisters engaged!\par
I went to a yard sale and scored some great items for cheap                                                                                   I am glad you got a lot of cheap things!\par
I went to watch my friend compete in a cooking contest                                                                                   I am glad to hear you saw the cooking show!\par
My new diamond ring is exquisite                                                                                                               I am happy about your ring!\par
The phone company I use told me my bill would be lowered for free                                                                                   I am happy about your bill!\par
I'm finally going to meet my birth mother                                                                                                    I am glad to hear your going to meet your mother!\par
Last summer we appreciated it when Katie's family split the cost of a pool membership with us                                                                                                                                                                 I am glad you appreciated it!\par
I am finally going to start cello lessons                                                                                                   I am glad you are starting cello!\par
My brother dropped his phone in the toilet and it's ruined                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your brother's phone is ruined!\par
They were out of orange juice at the store and I need to buy some                                                                                   I am sorry to hear they had no juice!\par
I found a missing dog in my neighborhood and got a reward                                                                                   I am happy you got a reward!\par
I had a great time shopping with my sister yesterday                                                                                   I am glad that your shopping was great!\par
I was accused of cheating on a test today                                                                                                  I am sorry about the accusation!\par
My dog ripped up my blanket that was on my bed                                                                                   I am sorry about your blanket!\par
I'm hoping to make a top bonus so we can go to Hawaii for Christmas                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the top bonus!\par
The deer came through and ate all my plants                                                                                            I am sorry about your plants!\par
I am enjoying today's weather                                                                                                                  I am glad you are enjoying the weather!\par
That guy last night ruined my favorite shirt when he spilled beer on it                                                                                   I am sorry about your shirt!\par
I can not belive that I won the lottery                                                                                                      I am happy you won the lottery!\par
I tried to do a back flip and landed flat on my face                                                                                   I am sorry about your face!\par
I think my neighbor doesn't pick up after his dogs                                                                                   I am sorry your neighbor doesn't clean up!\par
I got late for my interview because of traffic jam                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your interview!\par
The waves of nausea keep coming                                                                                                          I am sorry you are nauseous!\par
I am still in the hospital for pneumonia                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you are in the hospital!\par
Mom said we could order pizza for dinner                                                                                          I am glad Mom said we could order pizza!\par
My mother bought me a car for a graduation present                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got a car!\par
The DVD just stopped half way into the movie and I'm so bummed now                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that about the DVD!\par
It's been a long time coming\'01 but my son finally graduated from college                                                                                   I am happy your son graduated!\par
Percy wasn't happy with his haircut                                                                                                        I am sad about Percy's haircut!\par
My book has been nominated for a Pulitzer                                                                                              I am happy to hear your book is nominated!\par
I got a letter from the IRS saying I owe unpaid taxes and penalties                                                                                   I am sorry that you owe!\par
I have no idea where I left my car keys                                                                                                    I am sorry about your keys!\par
My health insurance premium went up                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear your premium went up!\par
I just came home from the new restaurant and the food was great                                                                                   I am glad the food was great!\par
I feel like I could take on the world                                                                                                        I am glad to hear about your energy!\par
I keep getting emails about bills I need to pay                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about the emails!\par
I lost the $ 200 that was in my wallet                                                                                                     I am sorry you lost $ 200!\par
The new girl beat me up                                                                                                                          I am sorry you were beat up!\par
I lost my qualification to work the job I wanted                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the job took your qualification!\par
I love a good hard rock song                                                                                                                   I am glad you love rock song!\par
I think I might have caught a bad cold                                                                                                        I am sorry about your cold!\par
The house is termite - ridden                                                                                                                        I am sorry about the termites!\par
I failed my exam                                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear you failled!\par
My burger tonight was delicious                                                                                                                I am glad you liked your burger!\par
My house is burning                                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your house!\par
I've defaulted on the mortgage twice now                                                                                          I am sad about your defaulted mortgage!\par
My sister found love again after being widowed                                                                                   I am happy about your sister's love!\par
My horse came in last                                                                                                                                 I am sorry your horse didn't win! \par
My husband cooked dinner for me tonight                                                                                                 I am glad to hear that your husband cooked dinner!\par
I learned how to throw a perfect spiral with a football                                                                                   I am glad you learned how to throw!\par
Many of the piglets couldn't escape the attack by the wolves                                                                                   I am sorry about the piglets!\par
My suprvisor is angry because my work was not up to par                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your supervisor!\par
A long weekend in coming up soon                                                                                                           I am happy you have a long weekend coming!\par
It rained all day so I couldn't go to the zoo                                                                                             I am sad rain kept you from going to the zoo!\par
My friend gave me a ride to work today                                                                                                      I am glad your friend gave you a ride!\par
My nails look fantastic                                                                                                                                 I am happy about your nails!\par
I got my car back from the mechanic and they did the repair for free                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the car repair!\par
I found out his business was failing                                                                                                                I am sorry he was failing!\par
Our analyses were rejected                                                                                                                      I am sad you were rejected\'01!\par
I am searching frantically for my friend's missing dog                                                                                   I am sorry you are searching for your friend's missing dog!\par
They are bringing my favorite childhood show back to TV                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the TV show!\par
The worst part about living in this area is the lack of diversity                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you live in such a non diverse neighborhood!\par
I just got a second interview for the job I interviewed for last week                                                                                   I am glad that you got an interview!\par
The accident paralyzed me from the neck down                                                                                   I am sorry that you're paralyzed!\par
I got grand prize                                                                                                                                          I am happy you got a prize!\par
My first patient of the day told me she lost her medical insurance and can't come anymore                                                                                   I am sorry about the lost medical insurance!\par
I had a great time last night\'01 We should do it again tomorrow                                                                                   I am happy you had a great time!\par
I feel cold all the time                                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about the cold!\par
I made a new friend at school today                                                                                                            I am happy you made a new friend!\par
He did the most horrible things in the name of science                                                                                   I am sorry he did horrible things!\par
I enjoy volunterring with Habitat for Humanity                                                                                   I am glad that you like to volunteer!\par
It will be sunny today so we can go to the beach                                                                                   I am glad that it will be sunny today!\par
I did great on my midterms today                                                                                                                  I am glad you scored well on your tests!\par
The medication helped his hair grow back                                                                                                     I am glad to hear the medication helped!\par
My boss just gave me a query over a mistake that was none of my fault                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you boss just gave you a query!\par
I'm really looking forward to the game tonight                                                                                   I am happy for you about the game tonight!\par
My bank gave me an extra $ 50 this month because of my large savings account                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your extra $ 50!\par
I won the spelling bee at school                                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the spelling bee!\par
I just found out my favorite bar is closing for good                                                                                   I am sorry that it's closing!\par
I got to go back stage at the Beach Boys concert                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the beach boys concert!\par
I can't find my phone charger anywhere and can't afford a new one                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about you losing your charger!\par
I had a fantastic lunch                                                                                                                              I am glad that you enjoyed lunch!\par
We found out today that we are having a boy                                                                                                i am happy about a boy!\par
I wrecked my car yesterday\'01 and the person who hit me didn't have insurance                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your accident!\par
I got fired from my job last week and my old boss won't respond to my calls                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about getting fires from you job!\par
I am behind on my bills                                                                                                                              i am sad about your bills!\par
I'm so proud of my husband\'01 he just got a promotion at work                                                                                   I am happy to hear about his promotion!\par
It's going to rain my entire vacation                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about the vacation rain!\par
I bought this laundry detergent that smells really good                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your laundry detergent!\par
The business was booming with customers all week                                                                                   I am glad that business has been good!\par
The humidity warped my acoustic guitar                                                                                                I am sorry to hear about the guitar!\par
My assignment got lost                                                                                                                            I am sorry you lost your assignment!\par
I was so grateful for their support                                                                                                           I am happy about the support!\par
I broke my Fitbit yesterday by accidentally stepping on it                                                                                   I am sorry your Fitbit is broken!\par
The food was too spicy for me                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the food was too spicy!\par
I received a promotion from my work the other week                                                                                   I am glad you're doing so well at work!\par
I am so proud of my dog                                                                                                                          I am happy about your dog!\par
I didn't get an offer for that new job I applied for last week                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't get an offer for that new job!\par
I have a sinus infection                                                                                                                            I am sorry that you have a infection!\par
The house inspector told us that we have a black mold problem in the basement                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the black mold!\par
I'm feeling pretty good about how I handled the day today                                                                                   I am happy for your day today!\par
Someone drove on my freshly poured driveway                                                                                   I am sorry about your driveway!\par
I was rear - ended at a stoplight on my way home from work                                                                                   I am sorry you got in a car accident!\par
I lost my tickets to the play and can not go                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you lost the ticket!\par
I was tired of his sarcasm                                                                                                                           I am sad that his sarcasm made you tired!\par
I have to rush Sally to the hospital for tetanus shot\'01 because she stepped on a nail                                                                                   I am sorry she needs a tetanus shot!\par
I think my uncle is going to lose his house to the bank                                                                                   I am sorry your uncle is going to lose his house!\par
I can't remember where i parked my car                                                                                                    I am sorry you can't remember where your car is!\par
I found the coolest bush that I have never seen before today                                                                                   I am glad you found a brush!\par
Someone called me a horrible name                                                                                                       I am sad someone insulted you! \par
When I arrived the bakery was already closed                                                                                   I am sorry about the bakery!\par
I got the job that I applied for last month                                                                                                I am happy you got that job!\par
I don't like driving                                                                                                                                       I am sorry you don't like driving!\par
They were yelling racist slurs                                                                                                                     I am sorry about the slurs!\par
I'm never going there again\'01 the service was abysmal                                                                                   I am sorry about the service!\par
My brother threw a surprise party for my birthday                                                                                   I am happy your brother threw you a party!\par
I missed the bus this morning and was late to a meeting                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you missed the bus!\par
My phone of just 2 months old just fell and the screen got cracked pretty bad                                                                                   I am sad your phone just feel and the screen cracked!\par
My wedding dress is the most beautiful dress in the world                                                                                   I am glad your wedding dress is beautiful!\par
My oldest daughter is getting married                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your daughter!\par
The cake that I made won first prize in the baking contest                                                                                   I am glad your cake won first prize!\par
I sprained my ankle and can't drive right now                                                                                            I am sorry you sprained your ankle!\par
I finally found my checkbook somehow in the trash                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found your checkbook!\par
My mother and I had a nice chat over some tea                                                                                   I am glad you and your mom had a nice chat over tea!\par
I discovered a new species of bacteria                                                                                                       I am happy about your discovery!\par
I might lose everything this year                                                                                                              I am sorry to hear you might lose everything!\par
I got a speeding ticket on my way home from work today                                                                                   I am sorry you got a speeding ticket!\par
We plan to throw a big party during the day of the babtism and invite all of our family                                                                                   I am glad that you plan to throw a big party!\par
I lost the keys to my car and I don't know where                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your car keys!\par
Someone went through my personal items                                                                                                I am sorry about your items!\par
I found my wedding ring after I thought I had lost it                                                                                   I am happy you found your ring!\par
I got my car fixed at the mechanic today and it's all better now                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your car!\par
My sister is singing the solo in the church Christmas concert                                                                                   I am happy your sister is singing in the concert!\par
The dog ate poison and got sick                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your dog!\par
I was disappointed to see my grade                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear your grade was disappointing!\par
I'm so excited that I've been approved to adopt a child                                                                                   I am glad news about the adoption!\par
I don't like that my friends cheat when we play board games                                                                                   I am sad that your friends cheat at board games!\par
If only I had listened I wouldn't be in the mess I'm in                                                                                   I am sorry about the mess!\par
I met my favorite author today at the bookstore and they signed my copy of their book                                                                                   I am glad that you met your favorite author today!\par
My daughter went to her first slumber party and had a great time                                                                                   I am happy about your daughter!\par
I was really hungry but I realized there was nothing in the fridge                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you were hungry!\par
I got a perfect review at my job                                                                                                                 I am glad to hear you got a perfect job review!\par
Our summer cabin burned down                                                                                                             I am sorry your cabin burned down!\par
Me and my brother went outside in the snow and made snow angels                                                                                   I am happy you and your brother made snow angels!\par
I enjoyed spending time with family today                                                                                             I am glad you enjoyed time with family!\par
I got crazy glue on my fingers and it hurt a lot to get it off                                                                                   I am sorry your fingers hurt!\par
I got a the promotion I've been needing                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your promotion!\par
On the way to work I ran a red light and got a ticket                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the ticket!\par
My boyfriend ate the whole pizza for dinner leaving none for me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that your boyfriend ate the whole pizza!\par
I was in a car accident and it totaled my car                                                                                              I am sorry you were in an accident!\par
Of course I would get a giant zit on picture day                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you got a zit!\par
Turns out my raincoat wasn't as waterproof as I thought                                                                                   I am sorry your raincoat wasn't as waterproof as you thought!\par
I made a lot of money on Amazon mturk today                                                                                   I am glad to hear you made a lot of money today!\par
The meeting with the clients went very well                                                                                            I am glad to hear the meeting with the clients went well!\par
I felt so much freedom when I finally bought my first car                                                                                   I am happy you feel free!\par
I bought a cool new poster for my room                                                                                                    I am glad to hear you bought a poster!\par
Today I feel very lethargic and I don't know why                                                                                   I am sorry you feel lethargic!\par
I figured out how to unshrink my favorite Christmas sweater                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your sweater!\par
I just got a promotion at work                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear this news on the promotin!\par
Not only did she get demoted\'01 they also decreased her pay                                                                                   I am sad to hear about her demotion!\par
I was speaking to my grandmother this morning and she told me she wouldn't make it through the month                                                                                                                                         I am sorry about your grandma!\par
My hair is getting fuller and longer                                                                                                        I am happy to hear about your hair!\par
My credit card was declined in front of my best friend                                                                                   I am sorry about your credit card troubles!\par
My daughter got on the honor role                                                                                                         I am glad your daughter did well in school!\par
I started yoga classes last week and I love it                                                                                                 I am happy you love yoga!\par
My child brought home straight As on his report card                                                                                   I am glad to hear your child got straight As!\par
A girl asked me out today                                                                                                                          I am glad to hear you got asked out!\par
I think she has an infected spider bite                                                                                                      I am sorry that she got bit!  \par
I was told to stop talking to someone because my breath smelled                                                                                   I am sorry you were told that!\par
I was involved in a terrible road accident this morning                                                                                   I am sorry you were involved in an accident!\par
Last night I had the winning lottery ticket                                                                                                 I am glad to hear about your win!\par
She let me play with her pet mouse and it was adorable                                                                                   I am happy you played with the mouse!\par
The portrait I painted of my parents has sold for $ 1500                                                                                   I am happy your portrait sold!\par
I won a new freezer in a drawing                                                                                                               I am glad to hear that you won a freezer!\par
I was told I would be getting a bigger office space                                                                                   I am happy you got space!\par
I was able to get to work earlier today because there was no traffic on the highway                                                                                   I am glad you can get to work early!\par
My husbands boss gave him a well earned raise                                                                                   I am glad your husband received a raise!\par
My husband gave me exactly what I wanted for Christmas                                                                                   I am glad to hear you had a good Christmas!\par
My husband recently lost his job when the plant closed                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your husband lost his job!\par
The new apartment was so dirty                                                                                                                        I am sorry about your dirty apartment!\par
My family is struggling to stay fed and clothed this winter                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your struggles with things!\par
The dog has worms                                                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear your dog is sick!\par
The cake was ruined                                                                                                                                     I am sorry about the cake!\par
My desktop monitor isn't working for some reason                                                                                   I am sorry about your monitor!\par
I can't find a job anywhere                                                                                                                           I am sorry you can't find a job!\par
I am out of gas\'01 I can't leave                                                                                                                  I am sad you can't leave out of gas!\par
I won a raffle at school and got a new laptop                                                                                           I am happy you won a laptop!\par
I just got into an argument with my husband                                                                                           I am sorry you got into an argument!  \par
I got into an accident on my way home from work yesterday                                                                                   I am sad about that!\par
I got a new job yesterday with a raise                                                                                                     I am glad to hear you got job!\par
I got called onto stage                                                                                                                                 I am happy you were called!\par
My mom sent me an Easter gift basked today with her cookies in it                                                                                   I am happy that your mom sent you a gift basket for Easter!\par
I won a new sewing machine                                                                                                                  I am happy you won!\par
We passed our sales quota this month with several hundred to spare                                                                                   I am happy you passed your sales quota!\par
My dog died today                                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear your dog died!\par
My whole family is sick with the flu\'01 including myself                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the flu!\par
The store had a sale on luggage right before our big trip                                                                                   I am happy you got luggage on sale!\par
My friend brought me some pizza and beer at my house warming party                                                                                   I am glad to hear your friend brought you pizza and beer at your party!\par
My hair has started falling out                                                                                                                     I am sorry you're balding!\par
I saved so much money by installing the solar panels on my roof                                                                                   I am glad you are saving by installing a solar panel!\par
Last weekend I walked my daughter down the isle                                                                                   I am glad you walked your daughter down the isle!\par
I found $ 20 in an old pair of jeans today                                                                                                      I am glad you found $ 20!\par
I can't feel anything anymore really                                                                                                         I am sorry you cant feel!\par
It looks like the weather is going to cooperate and let us get in that round of golf before you head back home this weekend                                                                                                                    I am glad you will be able to play golf before heading home!\par
I found my childhood cartridge of Pokemon Red at my mother's house                                                                                   I am glad you found your childhood cartridge of Pokemon Red!\par
I look forward to the spring dance                                                                                                               I am glad to hear you look forward to the dance!\par
I got caught in the rain while walking to work                                                                                           I am sorry you got caught in the rain!\par
He said no\'01 and that there had just been too many one - more - last - times                                                                                   I am sorry he said no!\par
My wife made me the most loving breakfast this morning                                                                                   I am glad your wife made you breakfast!\par
I lost my aunt's coat at the party last night                                                                                               I am sorry to hear that you lost your aunt's coat!\par
My boss gave me a generous Christmas bonus                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the bonus!\par
My cat was just diagnosed with cancer                                                                                                   I am sorry your cat has cancer!\par
I would eat at that restaurant every day if I could                                                                                   I am happy you would eat at the restaurant!\par
I received a bigger tax refund than I expected                                                                                              I am glad to hear about your big tax return!\par
Jeff was blackmailed                                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about Jack!\par
The cat's purr made me feel better                                                                                                            I am happy the cat made you feel better!\par
Our work helping the community made it into the local paper                                                                                   I am glad your community work made it into the paper!\par
I went out to the bar tonight but I was really shy and I didn't talk to anyone                                                                                   i am sorry you were shy!\par
My cars battery died and now I have to replace it                                                                                   I am sorry your car battery died!\par
Brad is going to be excited when he sees his present                                                                                   I am glad about the present!\par
Gang members are coming to kill me later                                                                                                 I am sorry you will be killed!\par
i was recommended for job well done                                                                                                          I am glad you were recommended!\par
The surgery has helped my eyesight                                                                                                            I am happy the surgery helped your eyesight!\par
Our dog is in the hospital after sustaining injuries due to car damage to his ribs                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your dogs injuries!\par
My dog finally went outside                                                                                                                           I am happy he went outside!\par
I can finally afford to buy a ticket to visit my family this Christmas                                                                                   I am happy you can buy a ticket!\par
My son was up so many times last night                                                                                                           I am sorry your son was up so much!\par
I got a full ride to the college I wanted to go to the most                                                                                   I am happy you got a full ride to college!\par
I am disappointed that my friend has not returned my call                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your friend has not returned your call!\par
I have never been so ashamed in all my life                                                                                              I am sorry to hear about your shame!\par
I got a call from the school to pick up my son                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear you got a call to pick up your son!\par
I did really well at target practice                                                                                                              I am glad you did so well at target practice!\par
My jacket fell in the puddle on the street just now                                                                                   I am sorry to your jacket fell!\par
My old computer finally died\'01 Now I have to save for a new one                                                                                   I am sorry your computer died!\par
I made pancakes today and I think it made everyone's morning                                                                                   I am glad that your pancakes made everyone's morning!\par
I just opened the doors to my consultancy and I already have 5 new clients                                                                                   I am happy you already have five new clients!\par
We had a great time at the recent holiday party at my husbands work                                                                                   I am glad to hear you had a great time!\par
I like having some junk food every now and again                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you enjoy junk food!\par
My local sandwich shop gave me an extra sandwich for free                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got a free sandwich!\par
Grandma won a thousand dollars at Bingo tonight                                                                                   I am glad to hear about Grandma!\par
I look so pretty today I think                                                                                                                      I am glad you feel pretty!\par
I found a five dollar bill                                                                                                                               I am glad you have money!\par
I had a job interview the other day\'01 and I got the job                                                                                   I am glad to hear you got the job!\par
I had a good conversation with a friend                                                                                                            I am glad you had a good conversataion!\par
The sushi place down the street gave me extra sushi in my order                                                                                   I am glad they gave you extra!\par
I have to give away my chickens because the city changed my zoning                                                                                   I am sorry you had to give away your chickens!\par
My boss told me she trusts me completely                                                                                            I am glad your boss trusts you!\par
My daughter's drawing won first place in the rodeo art contest today                                                                                   I am glad your daughter's drawing won first place!\par
I can't believe he was arrested for jaywalking                                                                                           I am sad he was arrested!\par
I got into a fight with my boss at work today\'01 he made me so mad                                                                                   I am sorry you got into a fight with your boss!\par
I lost my passport before an international trip                                                                                   I am sad you lost your passport!\par
I'm going to have to work until after midnight to get this all done before the deadline                                                                                   I am sad you will have to work until after midnight!\par
I got to hear my favorite song on the radio today                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you heard your favorite song!\par
If she honks at me one more time I'm going to go into a rage                                                                                   I am sorry that you are going into rage!\par
I just asked the girl I had a crush on to the ice cream social and she said yes                                                                                   I am glad you asked a crush to the ice cream social!\par
There is someone using my debit card information to make unauthorized purchases from my bank account                                                                                                                                              I am sorry someone is using your card!\par
They are shutting down my plant next week                                                                                               I am sorry to hear they are closing the plant!\par
I am now able to sell the book I wrote book on Amazon                                                                                   I am happy about your book!\par
I was hoping there would be some sort of certificate and there was                                                                                   I am happy about the certificate!\par
I got the the meeting late after getting stuck in traffic for two hours                                                                                   I am sorry you were late!\par
Today I signed a very lucrative consulting contract with the firm                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your contract!\par
My cousin canceled her trip to visit me due to bad weather                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your cousin canceled her trip!\par
I had so much fun at the museum yesterday                                                                                             I am glad you had fun!\par
somebody hacked into my account and stole my data                                                                                   I am sorry someone hacked into your account!\par
My garden is doing really well                                                                                                                    I am glad about your garden!\par
I got a parking ticket for parking in my own driveway                                                                                   I am sorry you got a ticket!\par
The check engine light came on today in the car I purchased a week ago                                                                                   I am sorry about your car!\par
I lost some weight                                                                                                                                           I am glad you lost weight!\par
my wife gave birth to a bouncing baby girl                                                                                              I am glad to hear about the baby girl!\par
I let someone use my laptop and now it has a virus                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the virus!\par
I passed the exam                                                                                                                                              I am happy you passed!\par
My dog hates me now                                                                                                                                   I am sorry your dog hates you!\par
I found out that my friend from high school passed away                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your friend!\par
My dog learned a new command                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your dog!\par
The sunset was amazingly beautiful                                                                                                              I am glad to hear about the sunset!\par
I was recommended for a new position                                                                                                     I am glad you were recommended!\par
The auto shop deliberately over charged me on my repair                                                                                   I am sorry you were over charged by the auto shop!\par
I was chosen to lead my team                                                                                                               I am happy you were chosen!\par
I have been waiting forever for the movie to be released\'01 I can't wait to see it this afternoon                                                                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about the movie release!\par
Having money in the bank is relieving                                                                                                          I am happy its relieving!\par
My check for the power bill was returned for insufficient funds                                                                                   I am sorry your check was returned!\par
He didn't say thank you or anything                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear he didn't say thank you!\par
My dog has leg cancer                                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about your dog!\par
Traffic is awful today                                                                                                                                       I am sorry traffic was awful!\par
My daughter made the honor roll                                                                                                                I am glad she made the honor roll!\par
Someone stole my iPhone                                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear your phone was stolen!\par
My knee is hurting                                                                                                                                         I am sad about your knee!\par
My boss often becomes angry at me for no reason                                                                                   I am sorry your boss becomes angry!\par
I got hit in the back of the head and fell down and looked like an idiot                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you looked like an idiot!\par
I woke up with a terrible headache                                                                                                               I am sad to hear about your head hurting!\par
They finally put a red light at Main Street in town                                                                                   I am glad they put a red light at Main Street!\par
I'm not sure how to tell my dad the bad news                                                                                   I am sorry you don't know how to tell your dad the bad news!\par
My cat was sick and threw up all over the floor                                                                                   I am sorry your cat was sick!\par
The wedding photographer did not do a good job                                                                                   I am sorry about the photos!\par
I borke the heel on my shoe and had to limp all day                                                                                   I am sorry you broke your shoe!\par
The theatre show was amazing                                                                                                                  I am glad it was amazing!\par
I adopted a new puppy at the animal shelter                                                                                               I am glad to hear you adopted from the shelter!\par
Her lasagna smells amazing                                                                                                                    I am glad it smells amazing!\par
They're having 2 for one day at the dollar store                                                                                   I am glad they're having a two for one day!\par
I got a rare card in my MAGIC booster pack                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about the rare card!\par
We were running out of resources                                                                                                          I am sorry resources are out!\par
My boss yelled at me because I was 2 minutes late to work today                                                                                   I am sad your boss yelled!\par
Teaching jobs are very scarce right now                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear teaching jobs are scarce!\par
I just found the full DVD collection of my favorite show                                                                                   I am glad you found the full DVD collection!\par
I am balding                                                                                                                                                I am sorry you're losing hair!\par
I enjoy watching making movie night special for my family                                                                                   I am happy movie night is special!\par
My car wouldn't start this morning                                                                                                          I am sorry about your car breaking!\par
It looks like they stopped making my favorite peanut butter and bacon sandwich here                                                                                   I am sorry they stopped making your favourite sandwich here!\par
Unfortunately\'01 Tommy was not allowed to join the swim team because he could not do the backstroke                                                                                                                                                           I am sorry Tommy wasn't allowed!\par
I just came home from my dad's birthday party                                                                                   I am glad you came home from the party!\par
Someone broke into my garage the other week                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that someone broke in!\par
The cashier let me have the items even though I was a bit short for cash                                                                                   I am glad he let you have the items!\par
That restaraunt has the best food in town                                                                                   I am glad to hear the food is the best!\par
My results are back and my tumor is benign                                                                                   I am glad to hear it's benign!\par
I made a near - perfect score on my entrance exam                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your score!\par
I'm not sick any more                                                                                                                               I am glad to hear you're not sick!\par
I am enjoying this yoga class                                                                                                                               I am happy to know you are enjoying your yoga class!\par
I coughed up blood                                                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the blood!\par
My math teacher gave me an A on the geometry test                                                                                   I am glad you aced your test!\par
My husband prepared dinner so that I could relax                                                                                   I am glad you were able to relax as your husband did dinner!\par
I found out my brother is having a kid                                                                                                      I am happy about your brother!\par
I found a $ 5 bill in my jacket pocket from last winter                                                                                   I am happy that you found a $ 5 bill!\par
I slipped on the stairs while I was leaving the house last night                                                                                   I am sorry you slipped on the stairs!\par
We are going camping this weekend                                                                                                       i am happy about your weekend!\par
I got too much sun yesterday                                                                                                                   I am sorry about the sun!\par
I can't breathe sometimes                                                                                                                              I am sad because i can't breath sometimes!\par
We're going to start a family                                                                                                                         I am happy about you starting a family!\par
I was so scared that I crossed to the other side of the street                                                                                   I am sorry you were scared!\par
My jeans had a hole in the pocket and I lost $ 40                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you lost $ 40!\par
My wallet was stolen and I lost all my credit cards and ID cards                                                                                   I am sorry about your wallet!\par
My best friend is going through a divorce                                                                                                      I am sorry about your best friend!\par
I saw someone get hit by a car                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear you saw someone get hit by a car!\par
I tried this new brownie recipe with peanut butter in the middle\'01 they're so good                                                                                   I am happy the brownies are so good!\par
I just found out today that I have terminal cancer                                                                                   i am sad that you have cancer!\par
A stranger lent me some money so that I could pay for my groceries                                                                                   I am glad you got money for groceries!\par
I discovered that my old baseball card sitting at the basement is worth 5000 dollars                                                                                   I am glad you discovered your old baseball card!\par
We love our new espresso machine                                                                                                        I am happy you love your machine!\par
I was in a car accident after work                                                                                                               I am sorry for the accident!\par
I just tried to drink milk from the fridge and I had to throw it out                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you had to throw out the milk!\par
I always wanted a German car and now I got one                                                                                   I am glad that you got the car you always wanted!\par
I love the new couch I just bought                                                                                                           I am glad to hear about the new couch!\par
Last night I thought of a way to fix my relationship with my friend                                                                                   I am glad you thought of a way to fix your relationship with your friend!\par
I dropped my new IPhone and cracked the screen                                                                                   I am sorry you cracked the screen!\par
I'm coming down with a cold                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about the cold!\par
I lost my wallet                                                                                                                                                 I am sorry your wallet is lost!\par
Did you hear\'01 I'm going to be a father                                                                                                           I am glad you'll be a dad!\par
It is tough when someone is an only child and they get everything handed to them easily                                                                                   I am sorry things aren't easy!\par
The company's going to sink if I don't start downsizing                                                                                   I am sorry you have to downsize!\par
My car was scratched badly on the side after parking on street overnight                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your car was scratched!\par
A rich family member gifted me a million dollars to invest with                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your gift!\par
I broke a nail on the bus going to work today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your nail!\par
Someone passed it on at Starbucks today and I got my order free                                                                                   I am glad you got a free order!\par
My wife had a miscarriage                                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about your wives miscarriage!\par
I just booked a flight to Florida to visit my sister                                                                                   I am glad you booked your flight!\par
The dentist told me I'm going to need a root canal                                                                                   I am sorry about your root canal!\par
When I reached out to her\'01 she just hung up the phone                                                                                   I am sorry about her!\par
My dog bit the neighbors child                                                                                                                  I am sad to hear about your dog!\par
The meal I cooked got rave reviews from almost everyone                                                                                   I am glad to hear everyone liked it!\par
I got lost driving to a meeting                                                                                                                  I am sad you got lost!\par
My doctor wants to put me on statins for my high cholesterol                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your high cholesterol!\par
My sister is having her twins this morning                                                                                               I am glad to hear about your sister!  \par
The speakers on my tablet stopped working                                                                                            I am sorry the speakers stopped working!\par
My wife took me out for dinner and a show as a surprise                                                                                   I am happy your wife took you out!\par
I upgraded my guitar this year and it sounds way better than my old one                                                                                   I am glad you upgraded your guitar this year!\par
I had a flat tire                                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear about your tire!\par
My manager just gave my promotion to his nephew                                                                                   I am sorry you did not get your promotion!\par
I got a promotion at work today                                                                                                                 I am happy you were promoted!\par
My healthcare isn't going to cover the hospital bill\'01 and I don't know how to pay for it                                                                                   I am sorry about your hospital bill!\par
He has been very successful at his job                                                                                                    I am glad he has been successful!\par
Someone stole my shoes while in yoga                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear about your shoes!\par
I slipped and fell in some excrement on the street yesterday                                                                                   I am sorry you tripped and fell!\par
My cat got scared from a loud noise and scratched me                                                                                   I am sorry about your scratch!\par
The house is a total loss                                                                                                                    I am sorry about the house!\par
I had to sell my DVD collection to pay for my hospital bill                                                                                   I am sorry you had to sell your dvd's!\par
The dog bite left a nasty scar on my face                                                                                                  I am sorry\'01 that stinks!\par
My food came out perfect                                                                                                                           I am happy your food was perfect!\par
Jacob finally asked me out                                                                                                                         I am happy about Jacob!\par
I found the cutest ladybug on a leaf today and showed it to my niece                                                                                   I am glad you found a cute ladybug!\par
I found my math textbook under my backpack                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your textbook!\par
It's a great item\'01 but much too big for her to handle                                                                                   I am sad that it's much to big for her to handle!\par
I did my taxes wrong and the IRS returned my check and sent me $ 3000                                                                                   I am glad the IRS sent $ 3000!\par
I ran out of ingredients to make a cake                                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear that you ran out of ingredients!\par
I don't feel like myself sometimes                                                                                                               I am sorry you aren't able to be yourself!\par
My eyes are sparkling                                                                                                                                I am glad about your eyes!\par
My grandfather's housekeeper got him to change his will to leave her everything                                                                                   I am sorry your grandfather's housekeeper got him to change his will!\par
I recently got a raise at work                                                                                                                    I am glad to hear you got a raise!\par
I ran out of gas as I was cooking                                                                                                               I am sorry you ran out!\par
They were all out of cream cheese and now I can't make the cheesecake I promised to make                                                                                   I am sorry you can't make cheesecake\'01 as promised!\par
My car is so old and I can't afford to buy a new one                                                                                   I am sad about the car!\par
I just got my gas bill and it's $ 100 more than I anticipated                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your gas bill being $ 100 more!\par
I failed algebra for the second semester in a row                                                                                   I am sorry you failed algebra twice!\par
I got to experience a beer festival and it was so fun                                                                                   I am happy the beer festival was fun!\par
I was able to do the plumbing repair myself and saved a lot of money                                                                                   I am glad to hear you saved a lot of money!\par
I didn't get any interviews for summer jobs and I don't know how I'll pay my tuition next semester                                                                                                                                                            I am sorry you didn't get any interviews for summer jobs!\par
My daughter is all set to graduate nursing school in the fall                                                                                   I am glad am so happy for you daughter!\par
I got a bad customer review at work                                                                                                         I am sorry you got a bad review!\par
After so much hard work\'01 I was accepted into the school                                                                                   I am happy to hear you were accepted!\par
We had to cancel our vacation due to the flooding of our rental cabin                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you had to cancel your vacation!\par
We finally got some great neighbors                                                                                                          I am glad to hear about the neighbors!\par
While shopping I could not find any bargains                                                                                             I am sorry you couldn't find any bargains!\par
I was complimented the other day on my typing skills                                                                                   I am happy you were complimented!\par
I got into a patch of poison ivy and am itching like crazy                                                                                   I am sad that I have poison Ivy!\par
He made an incredible German chocolate cake for the supervisor's birthday party                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the cake!\par
I was given a kiss by a celebrity                                                                                                                      I am glad you got a kiss!\par
While chopping carrots for a stew\'01 I accidentally made a deep cut into my thumb that needed stitches                                                                                                                                             I am sorry you needed stitches!\par
The store had my favorite wheat crackers that they are usually out of                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your favorite crackers!\par
The game I've been waiting for for months has just been released                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your game!\par
I broke my nail right after the manicure                                                                                                    I am sorry you broke your nail!\par
The lightening struck our chimney and we have to rebuild it now                                                                                   I am sorry about your chimney!\par
I tripped and fell down the last couple of stairs this morning                                                                                   I am sorry you fell down the stairs!\par
Today is easily the worst day of my life                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear you are having a bad day!\par
He asked me to marry him                                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about the proposal!\par
Look at this great shirt I just bought                                                                                                                     I am glad you bought a shirt!\par
My car won't start I think the engine is blown                                                                                            I am sad that your car is broke!\par
My favorite chocolate bar is being produced again                                                                                   I am happy your favorite is being produced again!\par
Snowing equates to dangerous driving                                                                                                      I am sorry to hear about the driving!\par
I tried out for a band as their drummer and was accepted                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your acceptance!\par
The doctor said I am finally free of that flu that is going around                                                                                   I am glad the doctor said you are finally free of that flu!\par
The wheel on my car blew out on the highway                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your car's wheel!\par
The rainstorm downed power lines all over the area                                                                                   I am sorry the power lines are down!\par
My shoelace broke and I can't find its replacement                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your shoelace broke!\par
I went to make an egg salad sandwich but was out of eggs                                                                                   I am sorry you ran out of eggs!\par
I went shopping with my best friend today and we found some great things on sale                                                                                   I am glad you found great things on sale!\par
All of the couches that I want I can't afford                                                                                              I am sorry the couches aren't affordable!\par
Someone stole my diary                                                                                                                              I am sorry about your diary!\par
My air conditioner broke and it's 90 degrees outside                                                                                   I am sorry your air conditioner broke!\par
I tripped and fell down in front of the whole school yesterday\'01 it was embarrassing                                                                                   I am sorry you got embarassed!\par
My grocery shopping was very over-budget                                                                                             I am sorry that your shopping was over-budget!\par
My brother's band is starting to do really well                                                                                   I am happy the band is doing well!\par
We decided to make the best of it\'01 and play in the snow                                                                                   I am glad am so happy you played in the snow!\par
I just interviewed for a job the other day                                                                                                       I am happy you interviewed for the job!\par
I'm going to have to pay a $ 200 ticket for parking in the wrong spot                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you'll have to pay a $ 200 ticket!\par
In two months we will welcome our first baby girl into the world                                                                                   I am happy your having a baby girl!\par
I got two cavities in my wisdom teeth\'01 so I have to get them pulled                                                                                   I am sorry you need to get your wisdom teeth pulled!\par
They renewed my favorite show for two more seasons                                                                                   I am glad your favorite show was renewed!\par
Me and Susan got engaged                                                                                                                    I am happy to hear you got engaged!\par
Dad was able to fix my car's engine                                                                                                           I am happy Dad was able to fix your car!\par
When he died\'01 we lost someone who made a huge difference in our community                                                                                   I am sorry you lost someone!\par
I broke my favorite mug                                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about the mug! \par
I practiced the fiddle for an hour a day\'01 and they're letting me play on open mic night                                                                                   I am happy they are letting you play!\par
I just lost a lot of weight                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear you lost weight!\par
The funeral was a sad affair                                                                                                                           I am sorry about the funeral!\par
I got paid two days early and more than I expected                                                                                   I am happy to hear about you being paid two days early!\par
I was just told they revoked my bail                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear they revoked it!\par
The surgery went great                                                                                                                               I am glad surgery went well!\par
I don't like to complain but this smells horrible                                                                                   I am sorry it smells!\par
I think it means more if people haven't seen each other in a while                                                                                   I am glad more people haven't seen each other!\par
We are finally taking the dream vacation                                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the vacation!\par
My sister's dog got back from the vet and they said his system is now stable                                                                                   I am happy about your sister's dog!\par
I won the employee of the month award                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about your award!\par
It's going to rain all day and we'll be stuck inside                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the rain!\par
The people who totaled my car don't have any insurance                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that they don't have insurance!\par
My favorite football team the Baltimore Ravens lost their third consecutive game today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the Baltimore Ravens third loss!\par
I became homeless for a while after losing my home                                                                                   I am sorry that losing your home made you homeless!\par
the stock prices were very dissapointing                                                                                                    I am sorry about the stock prices!\par
I am becoming jaded at the sight of violence                                                                                         I am sorry you're becoming jaded!\par
I finally got promoted to manager at my job                                                                                          I am happy about your promotion!\par
The sun is shining making the world look bright                                                                                   I am happy the sun is shining!\par
The raise I received was not what as large as I expected it to be                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your raise wasn't what you expected!\par
My husband lost his job last week                                                                                                           I am sorry your husband lost his job!\par
I'm so excited to see the results of my ancestry DNA test\'01 it should be fun                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your DNA test!\par
I'm so upset\'01 my check bounced so now I have to pay an extra hundred dollars in fees                                                                                   I am sorry your check bounced!\par
I just broke my big toe                                                                                                                                I am sorry you just broke your toe!\par
I was looking forward to eat ice cream after work\'01 but there was none in the freezer                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't have ice cream!\par
I have an interview for my dream job tomorrow                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your interview!\par
I slipped and fell on an ice patch outside                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear you fell!\par
My awesome boss just gave me a raise at work                                                                                   I am glad your awesome boss just gave you a raise!\par
It's always a good feeling when friends express their support when you are having trouble                                                                                   I am glad to hear your friends express their support!\par
Now I know what people mean when they say they feel electric when they are near someone                                                                                                                                                     I am glad that you now know what they mean!\par
Can you believe that we are celebrating Sally's 90th birthday                                                                                   I am glad we are celebrating her birthday!\par
I was caught a traffic jam and ended up missing the show                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you did not make it to the show!\par
She just finished her last chemo treatment                                                                                           I am glad she finished her last chemo treatment!\par
The movie I wanted to buy was sold out in stores                                                                                   I am sorry your movie was sold out!\par
I fell in love last night                                                                                                                                    I am glad you fell in love! \par
I found a great deal on a new monitor                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about your great deal!\par
I got accepted into my first choice of schools                                                                                              I am glad am so glad you got accepted!\par
Do you want to see my cool drawing\'01 I'm really proud of it                                                                                   I am glad to see this drawing!\par
If it snows any more this week I am going to cry                                                                                   I am sorry the snow makes you want to cry!\par
I wanted to buy a game but it was already sold out                                                                                   I am sorry the game was sold out!\par
Can you believe that I will be graduating college next month                                                                                   I am happy you're graduating!\par
I just passed my driver's test on my first try                                                                                        I am glad to hear you passed!\par
My car broke down on the side of the road a mile from the mechanic                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that!\par
A girl I like winked at me                                                                                                                         I am happy a girl winked at you!\par
I slipped on the ice and sprained my ankle                                                                                                  I am sorry you sprained your ankle!\par
My YouTube channel is starting to get more views\'01 meaning more ad revenue                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your youtube channel is getting more views!\par
The new nanny is a gem and the kids adore her                                                                                   I am glad am so glad the kids adore the nanny!\par
My dog ran away                                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your dog!\par
I felt someone touch me inappropriately in the train                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that someone touched you!\par
When vacuuming the couch\'01 my mom found $ 100                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your mom!\par
My car's head cracked but it is fully covered under the warranty                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your warranty!\par
My heater broke and I am suffering through a very cold winter                                                                                   I am sorry for your suffering!\par
My dress tore and I can't wear it to dinner tonight                                                                                   I am sorry that your dress tore!\par
I got to watch the sunrise this morning                                                                                                    I am happy you watched the sunrise!\par
My girlfriend tried my homemade poutine and loved it                                                                                   I am glad your girl loved it!\par
Parts of my body have been itching that really shouldn't be                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the itching body parts!\par
I just found cookies on my doorstep that someone left me                                                                                   I am glad someone left you cookies!\par
Our daughter started her new job today                                                                                                  I am glad that your daughter started her new job!\par
My husband has the worst ingrown toenail                                                                                            I am sorry about your husband's toenail!\par
I have people with whom I can rely on                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about people in your life!\par
My dog died last week                                                                                                                                I am sorry am so sorry your dog died!\par
I was let go from my job due to lack of work to be done                                                                                   I am sorry you were let go due to a lack of work!\par
I lost my Gameboy                                                                                                                                            I am sorry you lost the Gameboy!\par
My hand is swollen from the allergic reaction                                                                                        I am sorry your hand is swollen!\par
My boss is very angry over my mistake                                                                                                       I am sorry about your boss!\par
My parcel from Amazon got damaged                                                                                                   I am sorry your Amazon parcel is damaged!\par
Wifi has been down at work for the past week                                                                                   i am sorry wifi has been down!\par
I just got word that I passed the bar exam                                                                                             I am glad to hear about you passing the exam!\par
I felt just terrible after eating the peaches                                                                                              I am sorry you felt terrible!\par
She wouldn't make eye contact with me                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about them not looking you in the eyes!\par
I had an accident and my insurance premiums will rise                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you had an accident!\par
I was recognized by the city for my contributions to society                                                                                   I am glad the city recognized your contributions to society!\par
My dog came home after a week of being missing                                                                                   I am glad to hear your dog came home!\par
I am fat because I eat too much                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear you are fat!\par
My brand new Keurig is not working properly                                                                                           I am sorry your Keurig isn't working!\par
I made a good amount of money at work today                                                                                   I am happy you made good money!\par
I got a wonderful pedicure today                                                                                                            I am glad to hear you got a pedicure!\par
Yesterday I finished my kiteboarding lessons and got my certification                                                                                   I am glad to hear you finished your lessons!\par
My computer is making a weird noise                                                                                                  I am sorry about your computer!\par
I accidentally deleted a really important file on my computer and have to make it again                                                                                   I am sorry you deleted the file!\par
My dental visit was so much better than I thought it would be                                                                                   I am happy the visit went better!\par
The cough medicine that my doctor prescribed tastes awful                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the cough medicine tasted awful!\par
I flunked my final exam                                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear you flunked!\par
My house sold for the asking price                                                                                                                          I am glad to hear your house sold!\par
My printer is ruined thanks to the flood                                                                                                I am sad your printer is ruined!\par
I won a $ 100 Amazon gift card at work                                                                                                I am glad you won a gift card!\par
My wife is in the emergency room tonight\'01 I can't go\'01 sorry                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your wife went to the emergency room!\par
Found a new job with better pay than my old one                                                                                   I am happy your new jobs pays better!\par
I met a new friend at the mall                                                                                                                I am glad you met someone!\par
The birds ate the strawberries in my garden                                                                                         I am sorry about your strawberries!\par
I tested my luck\'01 bought a lottery ticket and I won $ 50,000                                                                                   I am happy for your luck!\par
The restaurant lost my reservation so I couldn't get a table                                                                                   I am sorry you couldn't get a table!\par
I am aching from all the heavy lifting I have been doing                                                                                   I am sorry I am aching!\par
We both know you deserve it -- you got accepted at Columbia University                                                                                   I am happy I got accepted!\par
This morning the sweetest bird sang a song outside my window                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the song!\par
I missed the last train home and now have to walk                                                                                   I am sorry you had to walk!\par
I lost my puppy                                                                                                                                          I am sad about your dog!\par
My favorite bakery closed this week                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear that about the bakery being closed!\par
Today at work I felt tired all day and got barely any work done                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you got some work done!\par
It looks like my vote finally counted this time                                                                                            I am happy your vote counted!\par
One of my favorite actors died today                                                                                                    I am sorry one of your favorite actors died!\par
The doctor said my health has never been better                                                                                   I am glad that your doctor gave you good news!\par
My grandmother gave me the recipe for her beef stew finally                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the recipe!\par
The weather for the picnic is terrible                                                                                                        I am sorry about the weather!\par
I learned that one of my favorite bands are coming to town                                                                                   I am happy your favorite band is coming!\par
My kitchen remodel is going smoothly                                                                                                  I am glad to hear everything is going smoothly!\par
People respect my opinion                                                                                                                      I am glad you're respected!\par
My gym membership expired and I can't afford to renew it                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your gym membership!\par
My grandmother had to be moved to the hospice today                                                                                   I am sorry your grandmother had to be moved!\par
My dog runs away from me now                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your dog!\par
I dislike the new haircut\'01 it looks awful                                                                                                       I am sorry\'01 the haircut looks awful on you!\par
My braids are giving me a headache                                                                                                          I am sorry about your headache!\par
I just got back from my annual checkup\'01 and my doctor says I'm in perfect health                                                                                   I am glad your doctor said you are in perfect health!\par
My foot really hurts                                                                                                                                  I am sorry to hear about your hurt foot!\par
I was honored to have been nominated for the creative writing prize                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the prize!\par
There is a hole in the roof and water is getting all over my kitchen table                                                                                   I am sorry about the water on your table!\par
I dropped a bowling ball on my toe                                                                                                            I am sorry about your toe!\par
Practicing self - care is something I'm learning to believe in more and more                                                                                   I am glad practicing self - care is something you're learning!\par
I got home from the bank and realized that I lost the money                                                                                   I am sorry about the money!\par
My new sneakers feel so comfortable                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your new shoes!\par
Mom bought me a new toy                                                                                                                      I am glad your mom gave you a new toy!\par
My son broke his foot playing basketball                                                                                               I am sorry to hear your son was hurt!\par
I managed to save $ 320 last month                                                                                                      I am happy to hear you saved!\par
My mom's testing came back as negative today                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your mom!\par
I went out and bought a new car                                                                                                          I am glad you bought a new car!\par
I think I may have to serve for jury duty instead of going on our planned vacation                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you have to go to jury duty!\par
I got a brand new kitty                                                                                                                            I am happy for the kitty!\par
The land tax on my property is going up again this year                                                                                   I am sad the land tax on my property is going up againg this year!\par
I just aced my final in school                                                                                                                    I am glad you aced your final!\par
My power bill this month was much lower than expected                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your power bill!\par
My cat cuddled with me all night                                                                                                             I am glad your cat cuddled with you!\par
Movies can have a great positive effect on certain people                                                                                   I am happy to hear the movie's great positive effect!\par
I won an xBox at the raffle last night                                                                                                          I am happy that you won!\par
Tuesday they say it's going to snow for the first time this year and I've already got my sled ready                                                                                                                                                                  I am glad you have your sled ready!\par
The sheets I ordered arrived in the wrong color                                                                                   I am sorry the wrong sheets arrived!\par
I wiped out in front of some strangers while skateboarding                                                                                   I am sorry you wiped out in front of strangers!\par
The economy is booming with lots of new jobs                                                                                   I am glad the economy is booming!\par
I got praised by my boss today                                                                                                                  I am glad you got praised today!\par
My dog passed away last night                                                                                                                I am sorry about your dog!\par
My fridge is fixed finally                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about your fridge!\par
My DVR just ended about two minutes before the end so I have no idea who did it                                                                                   I am sorry you missed the ending!\par
The fundraiser was a sucess and we raised enough to get new equipment for the entire school                                                                                                                                                              I am happy the fundraiser was a success!\par
My uncle was just diagnosed with depression                                                                                       I am sorry your uncle has depression!\par
I wish I was a stronger person                                                                                                               I am sorry to hear about your strength!\par
There was no traffic during my commute today                                                                                   I am happy there was no traffic!\par
A string broke on my guitar                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear that your string broke!\par
I think one of two of the players from that area can easily go play professionally                                                                                   I am glad to hear that two players can go professional!\par
I can't believe how many friends came out to celebrate with me                                                                                   I am happy about your friends coming to celebrate!\par
Our neighborhood association likes to hold different holiday parties during the year because we all get to socialize                                                                                                                                 I am happy you get to socialize!\par
We finally got pregnant                                                                                                                                I am glad to hear you got pregnant!\par
I failed my math test                                                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear you failed a math test!\par
I feel like giving up on this                                                                                                                            I am sorry to hear you are giving up!\par
The children missed the bus this morning make us all late                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you were late!\par
I slipped and fell in a McDonald's because they had just mopped the floors                                                                                   I am sorry to hear they had just mopped the floors!\par
A homeless person slapped me in the face for no reason today                                                                                   I am sorry for the slap!\par
It feels good to be fit for a change                                                                                                              I am happy that it feels good to be fit!\par
The restaurant ran out of my favorite meal just a few minutes before I ordered                                                                                   I am sorry the restaurant ran out of your favorite meal!\par
We tried our best but it made no difference                                                                                            I am sorry it didn't make a difference!\par
A dog bit the mailman                                                                                                                                I am sorry you got bit!\par
We are going to Disney World next week                                                                                                   I am glad that you're going to Disnery World!\par
The girl I liked made fun of me in front of her friends                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you were made fun of!\par
Mom told me she will give me the car now that I have a job                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the car!\par
The girl I was dating said she only liked me for my money                                                                                   I am sorry for the girl!\par
My mother cooked me the best soup I've ever eaten                                                                                   I am happy your mother cooked!\par
The Mule was the best movie I have ever seen                                                                                   I am glad The Mule was the best movie ever seen!\par
I am lucky to have friends who keep in touch over the years                                                                                   I am glad to have long time friends!\par
We were going rafting that weekend                                                                                                          i am happy about your rafting weekend!\par
My computer just died                                                                                                                                I am sorry your computer died!\par
I dropped the jar and it shattered everywhere                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the jar!\par
all my crop failed this year                                                                                                                          I am sorry about your crop!\par
They cancelled my favorite sci - fi show                                                                                                       I am sorry your show was cancelled!\par
Someone sent me chocolates\'01 my favorite\'01 in the mail                                                                                   I am happy someone sent you chocolates!\par
I won the lottery                                                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the lottery!\par
I got a letter from the DMV saying that my license is suspended                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your license!\par
My friend broke our window while hitting a baseball                                                                                   I am sorry about the window!\par
I laughed so hard at her tales                                                                                                                  I am glad that you laughed!\par
He can't afford the repairs\'01 so he'll just have to junk his car                                                                                   I am sorry he'll have to junk his car because of the repair cost!\par
We cheered as our team took the lead                                                                                                    I am glad to hear your team took the lead!\par
My daughter brought home an excellent report card today                                                                                   I am happy about your daughters report card!\par
My friend told me I smelled rank                                                                                                             I am sad about your friend!\par
My TV stopped working in the middle of my favorite show                                                                                   I am sorry for your TV!\par
A man shot at my house last night                                                                                                        I am sorry that your house was shot at!\par
I found a rare collectible I was looking for                                                                                           I am glad you found the collectible!\par
My rose garden won the garden of the month award                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the rose garden!\par
I found my long lost friend on Facebook after years of searching                                                                                   I am glad you found your long lost friend on Facebook!\par
I don't have the flu anymore and can go to work finally                                                                                   I am glad to hear you are feeling better!\par
I made my favorite popcorn                                                                                                                   I am happy you made your popcorn!\par
I have been practicing my harmonica and am getting a lot better                                                                                   I am glad you have been improving your harmonica playing!\par
I missed the deadline to apply for the class                                                                                                 I am sorry you missed the deadline!\par
My best friend told me she hates my guts                                                                                             I am sad to hear your friend said she hates you!\par
My shoelaces were untied and I accidentally tripped on the way in                                                                                   I am sorry that you tripped because of your shoelaces!\par
The stench from our plumbing issues is god awful                                                                                   I am sad the stench is awful!\par
I kept sleeping through my alarm and got warned at work                                                                                   I am sorry you kept sleeping through your alarm at work!\par
My boyfriend is angry because I had to work late tonight                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your boyfriend is angry!\par
I was tuning my guitar and the string snapped and hit me in the face                                                                                   I am sorry the string hit you in the face!\par
I have so many dishes to wash tonight                                                                                                     I am sorry that you have to wash so many dishes!\par
I am excited that more and more companies are using wind power                                                                                   I am glad to hear that more companies use wind power!\par
My new tablet operates way worse than the reviews would imply                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your tablet!\par
I lost my job today and I don't know what else I can do                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your job!\par
I was given a speed ticket today                                                                                                              I am sorry your got a ticket today!\par
My girlfriend and I are getting engaged soon                                                                                              I am glad about your engagement!\par
I can't believe I finally graduated from college                                                                                   I am happy for your graduation!\par
I just found out my deductible is double what I can afford                                                                                   I am sorry the deductible is so high!\par
my back was hurt                                                                                                                                       I am sorry about your hurt back!\par
I finally feel like we made some progress in our relationship today                                                                                   I am happy you feel we made some progress!\par
I got the job that I finally wanted                                                                                                             I am happy you got the job!\par
I got a date for this weekend                                                                                                                   I am happy you got a date!\par
Those shares I bought the other day were a bust                                                                                   I am sorry about the shares you bought!\par
I lost my cell phone on the field trip                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear you lost your cell phone!\par
They started laying the foundation today                                                                                                 I am glad to hear that they started laying the foundation!\par
My mother passed away yesterday                                                                                                       I am sorry that your mother passed!\par
My new boots got here this afternoon and they're at least two sizes too big                                                                                   I am sorry that your boots are too big!\par
I can't believe the CEO fired me today                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you got fired!\par
I don't always give myself the benefit of the doubt                                                                                   i am sorry you never give yourself a benefit of a doubt!\par
My dog was found after he was missing for 12 hours                                                                                   I am glad that your dog was found!\par
The receptionist cancelled my appointment without telling me                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the receptionist cancelled your appointment with out letting you know!\par
The birth of our child has been such a blessing                                                                                   I am happy about your child's birth!\par
I gave some chocolates to my girlfriend on valentine's day and she was very happy                                                                                   I am glad you gave your girlfriend chocolates!\par
My flight has been delayed by two hours                                                                                                 I am sad your flight is delayed!\par
My book sales were pathetic                                                                                                                  I am sorry your sales were pathetic!\par
I got new glasses today and can see finally                                                                                             I am glad about the glasses!\par
I am not fond of daiseys they make me sneeze                                                                                   I am sorry the make you sneeze!\par
Can you believe I was able to get those whole outfit for only twenty dollars                                                                                   I am glad it was only twenty dollars!\par
Today I went to the doctor and he said I have high blood pressure                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about high blood pressure!\par
My best friend just killed herself                                                                                                                I am sorry about your friend!\par
I bought my cats a cat tree and they love it so much they won't come down                                                                                   I am happy you bought your cats a cat tree!\par
The banana nut bread I made turned out very tasty                                                                                   I am happy the bread you made turned out well!\par
I got to spend some time with my niece Friday and we had a great time                                                                                   I am glad you had a good time with your niece!\par
I just won $ 100 in a contest                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear you won!\par
I had to break my promise to my child when my boss made me work late                                                                                   I am sorry you had to break your promise!\par
I'm worried that I'll never be good enough to get a promotion                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you don't think you will get a promotion!\par
The dentist told me that my insurance didn't cover dental                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your insurance doesn't cover dental!\par
Our German Shepherd chased the burglar out of the house                                                                                   I am glad to hear the burglar was chased out!\par
I am very sick and had to go to the doctor today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you're sick!\par
I didn't finish my essay in time for class this morning                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't finish your essay!\par
My landlord just raised the rent                                                                                                              I am sorry the landlord raised the rent!\par
I set the shop on fire trying to fry a turkey                                                                                            I am sorry about the fire!\par
My house burnt down in a wildfire                                                                                                             I am sorry about your house burning down!\par
I did not care for the food at the country club dance                                                                                   I am sorry you didn't care for the food!\par
Someone shot me by accident                                                                                                                   I am sad someone shot you!\par
We found the perfect place to raise our kids                                                                                             I am glad to hear that you found the perfect place!\par
My brother made fun of me at school in front of my friends                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your brother made fun of you!\par
I dropped my grocery bag and everything spilled out all over the sidewalk                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you dropped your grocery bag!\par
My bookshelf fell over onto the couch and all the books fell off                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your bookshelf fell!\par
A bully at school pushed me into a locker today                                                                                   I am sad that a bully pushed you into a locker!\par
I won $ 100 at bingo tonight                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you won $ 100!\par
I had to have a tooth pulled last week                                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about that tooth!\par
The doctor said I only have one month to live                                                                                                I am sad that you only have one month to live!\par
The trip to Mexico was miserable                                                                                                         I am sad your trip was miserable!\par
My son makes me so proud when he shows kindness to others                                                                                   I am happy your soon makes you proud!\par
I had a wonderful trip to Sweden in 2017                                                                                                  I am glad you had a wonderful trip!\par
I love the colors the decorator used                                                                                                     I am happy to hear that you loved them!\par
The university has placed me on academic probation because of bad grades                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your academic probation!\par
My cats decided to stop using their litterboxes                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your cats stopped using the litterbox!\par
I always feel so tired on Mondays                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear you are tired!\par
I missed the deadline to buy the shoes at half price                                                                                   I am sad you missed the deadline!\par
My dad was right I should have bought the other washer and dryer for 25 dollars more\'01 it would have been worth it in the long run                                                                                                      I am sorry your dad was right that you should of bought the other washer and dryer!\par
Today I went out to buy some clothes but nothing fit and I went home empty handed                                                                                   I am sorry you did not get clothes!\par
We opened a new restaurant with great success                                                                                   I am glad to hear you opened a successful new restaurant!\par
My aunt stole my best jewelry                                                                                                                    I am sorry your aunt stole!\par
My husband got a generous raise at work                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about the raise!\par
I built a barn this summer which gave me some much - needed storage                                                                                   I am happy you built a barn!\par
I am planning an awesome vacation for my family                                                                                   I am glad you are planning an awesome vacation!\par
The dog down the street attacked my husband                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the dog attack!\par
My heart got broken last month                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear your heart got broken!\par
I lost my house keys somewhere on my way to work                                                                                   I am sorry you lost your house keys!\par
I got to work just as it started to rain                                                                                                      I am glad you got to work!\par
I don't like a lot of current music                                                                                                              I am sorry you hate new music!\par
The fluffier the cat\'01 the better to cuddle                                                                                                       I am glad to hear about the cats!\par
The BBQ was a lot of fun for the whole family                                                                                   I am glad to hear your family enjoyed the barbecue!\par
I have some terrible acne now                                                                                                                I am sorry to hear of your acne!\par
I just bought a new phone and it's so much better than my old one                                                                                   I am happy you new phone is so much better!\par
We were saddened that the season ended so abruptly                                                                                   I am sad to hear that you were saddened!\par
I must have gotten thirty mosquito bites at the lake                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the mosquito bites!\par
My daughter fell off the swing and broke her wrist                                                                                   I am sorry that your broke her wrist!\par
The trees are fixing to bloom outside                                                                                                      I am glad about the trees!\par
my wife graduated today with first class class                                                                                             I am glad your wife graduated today!\par
My landlord just showed up while I have dishes in the sink and a mess everywhere                                                                                   I am sorry about the landlord's visit!\par
My girlfriend gave me some new shoes                                                                                                    I am glad you got some new shoes!\par
I just found a great new sports bar                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about the new sports bar!\par
Someone falsely accused me of using a racial slur towards them                                                                                   I am sorry you were falsely accused!\par
The cord to my lamp in my room is torn                                                                                                   I am sorry your lamp is broken!\par
The song I wrote was a number one hit                                                                                                    I am glad the song you wrote was a hit!\par
My boss told me I won't be getting a raise at all this year                                                                                   I am sorry you won't get a raise!\par
A family member passed away last night                                                                                                    I am sorry about your family member!\par
The future looks brighter than I ever imagined                                                                                   I am happy to hear the future looks brighter!\par
My check got cashed early                                                                                                                      I am glad am so happy it got cashed early!\par
I got hit by a bus                                                                                                                                          I am sorry a bus hit you!\par
Yesterday my family learned that our grandfathe passed away                                                                                   I am sorry your grandfather passed away!\par
I got a discount on my coffee this morning                                                                                          I am happy that you got a coffee discount!\par
I owe money I can't pay back                                                                                                                   I am sorry you will not be able to pay back!\par
My friends threw me a surprise party                                                                                                        I am glad for the surprise party!\par
It should have been a lot better\'01 I don't know what happened                                                                                   I am sorry that things didn't pan out!\par
My boss is happy that I brought in a new client at work                                                                                   I am glad to hear your boss is pleased!\par
I accidentally wrecked my golf cart                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear you ruined the golf cart!\par
I often get extra credit for work with Professor James                                                                                   I am glad to hear you often get extra credit!\par
I got fired from my job                                                                                                                                                         I am sad you got fired!\par
My uncle activity very badly                                                                                                                             I am sorry about your uncles activity!\par
It's not much\'01 but I won $ 5 in the Lotto yesterday                                                                                   I am glad you won the lottery!\par
My niece was just born                                                                                                                                   I am glad your niece was born!\par
I got kicked off the team                                                                                                                           I am sad the team kicked you off!\par
i smiled when i saw my loved one                                                                                                                  I am glad you smiled!\par
The Earth\'01 Wind & Fire concert was awesome                                                                                   I am glad the concert was awesome!\par
I found a wonderful cafe to work at                                                                                                              I am glad you found a cafe to work at!\par
Megan had an extra ticket to the concert and asked me if I wanted to go                                                                                   I am happy you got to go to the concert!\par
the stock plummeted in the company i had invested                                                                                   I am sorry the stock plummeted!\par
We had a nice family dinner                                                                                                                            I am happy you had a nice dinner!\par
I lost control of my car and bumped into another person                                                                                   I am sorry about your car!\par
I got to go home early from work today                                                                                                        I am glad you got to leave early!\par
Both of my kids brought home perfect report cards this week                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the perfect report cards!\par
I received a check in the mail                                                                                                                       I am happy for your check!\par
the investors I have been trying to woo pulled back                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the investors!\par
My friend bought me lunch                                                                                                                        I am glad to hear you had lunch!\par
My brother got a new TV and gifted me his old one                                                                                   I am glad that your brother gifted you his old TV!\par
The video game I was playing had a very anti-climatic ending                                                                                   I am sorry about the video game!\par
I found this great Indian restaurant that's really close by                                                                                   I am glad you found an Indian restaurant!\par
The baby was stillborn                                                                                                                               I am sorry about the baby!\par
My house was purchased for an additional ten thousand above asking price                                                                                   I am happy your house was purchased for more money!\par
My Halloween pumpkins got stolen last night                                                                                           I am sad that your pumpkins got stolen!\par
This coffee is gross                                                                                                                                    I am sorry about your coffee!\par
My cat just climbed into my lap and is sitting here snugging me                                                                                   I am glad your cat climbed into your lap!\par
I had a muscle tear as I was exercising                                                                                                         I am sad you tore a muscle exercising!\par
At Disneyland\'01 Sleeping Beauty came up and complemented me on my costume                                                                                   I am glad you got a compliment while at Disneyland!\par
My chiropractor said my bones are no longer sliding out of place                                                                                   I am happy about your bones!\par
Stop trying to be something you're not                                                                                                        I am sorry I tried to be something else!\par
My clothes have refused to dry                                                                                                             I am sorry to hear about the clothes!\par
I heard my company is about to downsize                                                                                                   I am sad about your company!\par
A raccoon keeps getting into my garbage bins outside and makes a mess                                                                                   I am sorry about the mess!\par
My boss is really angry with me for being late this morning                                                                                   I am sorry your boss is really angry with you!\par
I got a stain on my new pants                                                                                                                                               I am sorry about your pants!\par
Time is finite\'01 so make it a good time                                                                                   I am glad time is finite!\par
The video game I'm playing is so buggy I can't even complete the level                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the buggy game!\par
My daughter gave me a hug and said\'01 `` I love you\'01 mommy - mom\'01 ''                                                                                   I am glad to hear she loves you!\par
I worked all summer and was able to afford my first car                                                                                   I am happy you got your first car!\par
My husband told me we are not going to be able to afford the renovations we need to make the house livable again                                                                                                                                    I am sorry to hear you won't be able to afford the renovations!\par
It was so unexpected to be invited to the dance by him                                                                                   I am glad about your invitation!\par
I failed my chemistry course and my parents are upset                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you failed chemistry and upset your parents!\par
My new car was stolen last night                                                                                                           I am sorry your new car was stolen!\par
The rocks were wet and I slipped                                                                                                            I am sorry you slipped!\par
Next year I will be visiting Rome for the first time                                                                                   I am glad to hear you will be visiting Rome!\par
The nosy neighbor just told me she is moving next month                                                                                   I am glad to hear she is moving!\par
I can't seem to find my luggage\'01 I think it might be lost                                                                                   I am sorry you cant find your luggage!\par
I bought the last copy of the rare album                                                                                                      I am glad that you bought the last copy!\par
The kids weren't vaccinated\'01 so they caught the flu                                                                                   I am sorry about the kids catching flu!\par
I have been accepted to both schools I applied to                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you have been accepted to both schools!\par
The pasta bolognese recipe I tried turned out to be great                                                                                   I am glad it was great!\par
I ordered a new knife set and they got rusty within a day                                                                                   I am sorry about your knife set!\par
My friend injured his ankle at the rock climbing gym last weekend                                                                                   I am sorry that your friend's ankle was injured!\par
I just have been accepted into the university                                                                                                I am happy you got in the university!\par
I have yet to find the one for me                                                                                                                I am sad you have yet to find the one!\par
My boyfriend gave me beautiful earrings for my birthday                                                                                   i am glad about your boyfriend!\par
We were lucky th neighbors saw our house on fire and called for help saving our home                                                                                   I am glad your house was able to be saved from the fire!\par
My wife and I have decided to take a trip to Japan                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your trip!\par
My book is finally going to be published                                                                                                    I am glad to hear about your book!\par
My mother threw out my good camera by accident                                                                                   I am sorry your mother threw out your good camera!\par
I had a nice long talk with my best friend                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about the talk!\par
Just got back from the dentist and it seems I'm going to need a root canal                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you need a root canal!\par
My car's tire went flat on the way to work                                                                                                             I am sorry about your flat tire!\par
The new Italian restaurant i was excited to try was awful                                                                                   I am sorry that the restaurant was bad!\par
He lost his eye in a hunting accident                                                                                                       I am sorry to hear about him losing his eye!\par
I made a great vegetable soup today                                                                                                          I am happy you made soup!\par
We won the dance competition by one vote                                                                                             I am happy you all won the dance competition!\par
I got an offer from a publisher for my manuscript                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your manuscript offer!\par
After we make this last morgage payment the house is ours free and clear                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your mortgage!\par
I found out my dog is having puppies                                                                                                     I am glad to hear your having puppies!\par
I moved into my new apartment                                                                                                            I am happy you moved!\par
My insurance company refuses to pay for the medication I need                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your medication!\par
I just got back from the vet and my dog is perfectly healthy                                                                                   I am glad to hear that your dog is healthy again!\par
I got the role in the famous production                                                                                                   I am glad for your new role!\par
Danny is going to need braces                                                                                                               I am sorry that Danny needs braces!\par
The movie ticket was sold out by the time I got to the theater                                                                                   I am sorry that the movie ticket was sold out!\par
My daughter drew a picture of us hugging today                                                                                   I am glad that your daughter drew a picture of you!\par
I got that job offer I was hoping for                                                                                                            I am glad to hear about the job offer!\par
She didn't care as much as I did                                                                                                             I am sad she didn't care as much!\par
I just learned one of my favorite video games is getting a sequel                                                                                   I am happy to hear about the sequel!\par
My sister will get married this fall                                                                                                           I am glad to hear your sister is getting married!\par
The airport was closed and we had to reroute our flight                                                                                   I am sorry the airport was closed!\par
We went on vacation after I won tickets in a contest                                                                                   I am happy you won!\par
My family took a cruise for Thanksgiving                                                                                                       I am happy your family took a cruise!\par
I was up all night tossing and turning                                                                                                     I am sad to hear about last night!\par
I did appreciate them taking the time out to help me                                                                                   I am happy they helped you!\par
My electricity bill has doubled this month because of the cold weather                                                                                   I am sorry about your bill!\par
The pork chops I cooked for supper came out very dry                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the prok chops!\par
Our chandelier fell and broke when they were moving the furniture                                                                                   I am sorry your chandelier fell and broke!\par
Turns out the building had faulty wiring                                                                                                 I am sorry about the faulty wiring!\par
Every pen in my house is out of ink                                                                                                         I am sorry to hear all your pens are out of ink!\par
My mother took away all my violent video games                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your video games!\par
I was accepted to a very competitive culinary program                                                                                   I am glad you got accepted the program!\par
The conductor appointed me first chair flute                                                                                             I am glad to hear you were appointed first chair flute!\par
I was thrown off a balcony                                                                                                                        I am sorry you were thrown off!\par
My wife just gave birth to a healthy baby girl                                                                                              I am happy your wife just gave birth!\par
I was walking my dog in the park last night and found a $ 20 bill on the ground                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found a $ 20 bill!\par
My son spilled juice all over the carpet this morning                                                                                   I am sorry you spilled your juice!\par
I no longer feel as tired                                                                                                                              I am glad you're no longer tired!\par
My new computer just arrived                                                                                                               I am happy about your computer!\par
There is a great sale that I'm going to in Canton                                                                                   I am happy you're going to a sale in Canton!\par
I just nailed my bi-annual performance review                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your good review!\par
It was a sad day\'01 because we had to put our old sheepdog down                                                                                   I am sad you had to put your sheepdog down!\par
He doesn't like other people much                                                                                                            I am sad to hear he doesn't like people much!\par
Good news - it looks like the cancer is in remission                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the cancer!\par
All of the vegetables in my fridge have rotted before I got a chance to eat them                                                                                   I am sorry you hear your vegetables rotted!\par
My favorite restaurant is closing                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear the restaurant is closing!\par
I found some great deals at the Salvation Army yesterday                                                                                   I am glad to hear you found some great deals!\par
My reputation is golden                                                                                                                           I am happy for your reputation!\par
Now the children had to grow up without a father                                                                                   I am sorry about the children!\par
I finally found my stuffed bear in the dryer                                                                                             I am glad you finally found your stuffed bear!\par
The candidate that I really wanted to win won the election                                                                                   I am glad your candidate won!\par
Someone stole her bicycle                                                                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about her bike!\par
My cholesterol dropped substantially                                                                                                       I am glad your health is improving!\par
The insurance company told me I am not covered for the water damage from the pipes bursting                                                                                                                                                         I am sad to hear that the insurtance company won't pay for your water damage!\par
I drank too much last night and now I have a bad headache                                                                                   I am sorry about your headache from drinking!\par
I was asked to be the best man                                                                                                                  I am happy that you were the best man!\par
I lost a check for $ 500 from my graduation party                                                                                   I am sorry you lost a $ 500 check!\par
My manager just announced that I will receive a big bonus this year for winning the employee of the year award                                                                                                                       I am happy for you getting the bonus!\par
My girlfriend bought me a box of my favorite chocolates                                                                                   I am glad your girlfriend bought you chocolates!\par
My homecoming dress was damaged in the fire                                                                                   I am sorry to hear the dress was damaged!\par
I got front row tickets to my favorite band's concert                                                                                   I am happy you got front row tickets!\par
This morning I got a massive headache                                                                                                     I am sorry to hear about your headache!\par
Politicians always lie when they speak                                                                                                   I am sorry politicians lie!\par
My grandson is doing very well in scouting\'01 and on his way to Eagle Scout                                                                                   I am happy about your grandson!\par
The room was silent and I farted really loud\'01 it was so embarrassing                                                                                   I am sorry you were embarrassed!\par
My flight was delayed 4hours the other day                                                                                              I am sorry about the flight!\par
It took half of my savings to get us out of that mess                                                                                   I am sorry that getting out of that mess cost half of savings!\par
The wind was so strong it ripped my door off the hinges                                                                                   I am sorry about your door!\par
My daughter said the funniest thing to me yesterday                                                                                   I am happy she said the funniest thing!\par
I just had a car accident                                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear about your accident!\par
I couldn't believe I got fired this morning                                                                                                    I am sorry you were fired!\par
I found my Polly Pocket I have been looking for since I was 12                                                                                   I am happy you found your Polly Pocket!\par
I am going to be late on my rent it looks like\'01                                                                                          I am sorry to hear you can't pay the rent on time!\par
My brother said something really mean about me earlier and it hurt my feelings                                                                                   I am sorry your feelings got hurt!\par
I won the raffle                                                                                                                                         I am glad to hear about your won!\par
She broke my heart                                                                                                                                 I am sorry to hear about the heart brake!\par
Singing is often a sign that I'm in a good mood                                                                                   I am happy you sing when you're in a good mood!\par
We decided to end our relationship                                                                                                           I am sorry to hear your relationship has ended!\par
My husband needs an emergency bowel resection                                                                                   I am sad to hear about your husbands surgery!\par
my girlfriend accepted my proposal                                                                                                                                                                                   I am glad about your proposal!\par
My husband surprised me with a new diamond ring                                                                                   I am happy about your new diamond ring!\par
I accidentally lost my keys at the bar today                                                                                           I am sorry you lost your keys!\par
My dream girl asked me out                                                                                                                      I am glad to hear about your dream girl!\par
I won a $ 100 off a scratch off ticket last night                                                                                   I am glad you won!\par
i enjoyed today                                                                                                                                           I am glad for you!\par
My wallet was stolen\'01 so I had to call my bank to cancel my debit cards and credit cards                                                                                   I am sorry your wallet was stolen!\par
I stepped in a huge piece of gum in the mall parking lot                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you stepped in a huge piece of gum!\par
I tried a new seasoning on my rice                                                                                                           I am glad you tried a new seasoning!\par
They gave me an extra burger in my order today                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the extra burger!\par
Someone is thinking kindly of me                                                                                                            I am happy for your relationship!\par
The mechanic called and said my car is going to have to stay in the shop another five days                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your car!\par
I tried a new roast recipe and it was on point                                                                                                      I am happy you tried a new roast recipe!\par
I lost my lucky red hat                                                                                                                                    I am sorry you lost your hat!\par
I got a new kitten today                                                                                                                             I am glad you got a new kitten!\par
I'm so happy my team won the championship                                                                                   I am glad you're happy!\par
Even though I stuffed myself over the Thanksgiving holiday\'01 I didn't gain any weight                                                                                   I am happy you didn't gain any weight!\par
He proposed on New Years Day                                                                                                                  I am glad to hear about the proposal!\par
During the big game I played poorly                                                                                                            I am sorry about your poor perfomance!\par
I must say that he was always very respectful with me                                                                                   I am glad he is always respectful!\par
The tree came down on the house                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear about your house!\par
I ate a yummy lobster                                                                                                                                I am glad to hear about your lobster!\par
the doctor told me I was making great progress                                                                                   I am glad you are making great progress!\par
I was asked to leave the party for being obnoxious                                                                                   I am sad to hear that you were asked to leave!\par
My favorite team won the world series of baseball this year                                                                                   I am glad your team won this year!\par
We were robbed at gunpoint leaving the club                                                                                              I am sorry to hear you were robbed!\par
He gave me a ring last night at dinner                                                                                                         I am happy about the ring!\par
My favorite team lost the sporting event                                                                                              I am sorry about the loss!\par
my nanny broke her back as she was working                                                                                          I am sad your nanny broke her back!\par
I forgot to charge my phone before I left and now my battery is dead                                                                                   I am sad that you didn't charge your phone and it died!\par
I am going on a vacation tomorrow                                                                                                       I am happy your going on vacation!\par
Last night I set off the smoke alarm when I was trying to make popcorn on the stove                                                                                   I am sorry about the smoke alarm!\par
My brand new pencils came in today for school\'01 they're so snazzy                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you got your new pencils!\par
I was pleased to discover my mother is in remission                                                                                   I am happy your mother is in remission!\par
My cat brought me my socks this morning and it was really cute                                                                                   I am happy your cat brought your socks!\par
I just sold my painting for double the paid price at auction                                                                                   I am glad to hear you made money at the auction!\par
I bought the neatest couch last night at sixty percent off                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the couch!\par
This morning I went jogging and went for a longer distance than yesterday                                                                                   I am happy to hear you went further!\par
I got the employee of the month award                                                                                                     I am happy you got an award!\par
The birth of my grandson today is the most exciting day of my life                                                                                   I am happy about the birth of your grandson!\par
I was very confident at the interview and replied to the questions with great stories                                                                                   I am glad to hear about your interview!\par
I was walking on the street and tripped on a pebble                                                                                   I am sorry to hear you tripped on the pebble!\par
I got a free game                                                                                                                                            I am happy you got a game!\par
Today I went out to buy some new shirts and they look great                                                                                   I am happy about your new shirts!\par
Some vandals stole my husband's phone out of his car at work                                                                                   I am sorry your husband's phone was stolen!\par
My dog didn't like his new collar and tore it off and it's lost now                                                                                   I am sorry that the collar's lost!\par
My friends and I went to the bowling alley and I bowled a perfect game                                                                                   I am glad to hear you went bowling!\par
I broke my ankle and have to use crutches for a month now                                                                                   I am sorry you injured yourself!\par
it is good                                                                                                                                                                        I am glad it is good!\par
That was the last time I saw my brother                                                                                                                  I am sorry about your brother!\par
I am so tired of shoveling snow from the driveway                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the snow you had to shovel!\par
My favorite band just came out with a great new album                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the great new album!\par
This morning I woke up feeling horrible and really tired                                                                                   I am sorry to hear that you are tired!\par
The hot sand on the beach burned my feet                                                                                          I am sorry about your feet!\par
My job interview went really well today                                                                                                      I am happy to hear your interview went well!\par
The chef gave me a recipe for his wonderful baked salmon                                                                                   I am glad the chef gave you a recipe!\par
my book was finally published                                                                                                                   I am glad your book was published!\par
The kids were involved in a car crash and a few of them have broken bones                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the kids injuries!\par
Karin and I did a good job refinishing the dining table                                                                                   I am glad you and Karin did a good job refinishing the table!\par
this house is too expensive for me to afford                                                                                               I am sad that you cant afford the house!\par
My mom's surgery is over with and it looks like she's doing okay now                                                                                   I am glad your mom's surgery is over!\par
Today was one of those perfect days                                                                                                     I am glad to hear about your perfect day!\par
I won the lottery today                                                                                                                              I am happy you won the lottery!\par
My friends apartment is infested with cockroaches                                                                                   I am sorry about the cockroaches!\par
The job was easy and very entertaining\'01 I would do it again                                                                                   I am glad the job was easy and entertaining!\par
Wages haven't increased enough in the last 30 years in order to live comfortably                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about the wages!\par
I'm going to a party at my friend's house tonight                                                                                   I am glad to hear about the party!\par
I finally got my Masters degree                                                                                                                                     I am happy about your degree!\par
I ate some gourmet cuisine                                                                                                                          I am glad to hear about your cuisine!\par
Rowen was able to get a heart transplant and is doing well                                                                                   I am glad Rowen was able to get the heart transplant!\par
I ate the most amazing pizza with red and yellow peppers on it today                                                                                   I am glad to hear that you liked your pizza!\par
My daughter starts her new job tomorrow                                                                                            I am glad to hear that your daughter starts tomorrow!\par
My knee hurts a lot today and I had to skip the gym                                                                                   I am sorry about your knee!\par
I got a raise at work today                                                                                                                              I am happy you got a raise!\par
My sister gave me my favorite shirt back finally                                                                                   I am glad you have your shirt back!\par
The mailman showed up with our Christmas presents today                                                                                   I am glad that the Christmas presents showed up!\par
My lost dog returned home to us the very next day                                                                                   I am happy to hear about your dog!\par
My husband built a fort for our kids any they love it                                                                                   I am happy for your kids!\par
I got paid extra this week for mowing my neighbors lawn                                                                                   I am happy you got paid extra this week!\par
The car I just bought last year broke down today                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your car!\par
It is wounderful                                                                                                                                               I am glad to hear it's wonderful!\par
I can't believe we won the contest                                                                                                           I am glad you won!\par
I missed the birthday party because of work                                                                                                 I am sad I missed the party!\par
I passed it\'01 and actually got the best score in the class                                                                                   I am glad you passed the test!\par
The Chinese food I ate last night didn't agree with my system                                                                                   I am sorry the food didn't agree with you!\par
I am getting a promotion                                                                                                                                I am glad about the promotion!\par
My dog ate my phone bill and now I don't know what I owe                                                                                   I am sorry to hear your dog at your phone bill!\par
They couldn't save the finger                                                                                                                          I am sorry they couldn't save the finger!\par
I got a raise at work                                                                                                                                     I am happy that you got a raise!\par
My hair is on point today                                                                                                                             I am happy about your hair!\par
My dog just had puppies                                                                                                                               I am happy for your dog!\par
I got pulled over today                                                                                                                              I am sorry you got pulled over!\par
I lost my wallet on the bus this morning                                                                                                I am sorry you lost your wallet!\par
My car got flooded last night                                                                                                                   I am sorry about your car!\par
The insurance company wouldn't cover my claim                                                                                   I am sorry they won't cover your claim!\par
I got a huge bonus for Christmas                                                                                                             I am glad about your bonus!\par
My wife and I are going to visit California in July to celebrate our anniversary                                                                                   I am glad you and your wife are going to California for your anniversary!\par
I have to get a wound vac because my surgical incision isn't healing                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your incision!\par
My dill plant is finally starting to perk up a bit                                                                                            I am glad you dill plant is perking up!\par
All my friends are mad at me                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about your friends!\par
When my pizza was delivered\'01 there was a dead fly on it                                                                                   I am sorry your pizza had a dead fly in it!\par
I was arrested for money laundry at the bank I work                                                                                   I am sad to hear the bank you work at got you arrested for money laundering!\par
We lost our dog to the garbage truck who driving while drunk and on the job                                                                                   I am sorry to hear about your dog being lost!\par
I came out and everyone supported me                                                                                                   I am glad am so happy you felt supported!\par
My new laptop is awesome                                                                                                                             I am glad about your laptop!\par
I lost my wedding ring while at the park the other day                                                                                   I am sorry that you lost your ring!\par
My bank took out $ 40 from my overdrawn account                                                                                   I am sorry your account was overdrawn!\par
Becca's shoes broke during the prom                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about Becca's shoes breaking!\par
I lost feeling in my right toe                                                                                                                           I am sorry about your toe!\par
I got to the bus stop exactly on time but the bus was already pulling away from the stop and I missed it                                                                                                                                                        I am sorry to hear about the bus!\par
My cat ran away                                                                                                                                               i am sorry for your cat!\par
My mom bought me a new tablet                                                                                                            I am happy you got a new tablet!\par
My uncle was just promoted to colonel in the army                                                                                   I am happy your uncle was promoted!\par
I had to work late tonight and missed my daughters recital                                                                                   I am sorry you had to work late and missed it!\par
I designed my own video game                                                                                                               I am glad to hear about the game!\par
I tried to fix my computer\'01 but now it is worse than before                                                                                   I am sorry to her your computer is worse!\par
Today I meditated for 30 minutes and I feel amazing                                                                                   I am glad you feel better!\par
I broke my foot                                                                                                                                          I am sorry to hear your foot broke!\par
My boss gave me priase in front of the group at the weekly meeting                                                                                   I am glad your work was praised!\par
}
 